"1,""""""Homecoming""""Transcription: """"Kikyō"""" (Japanese: 帰郷)"",""February 15, 2007"",""October 28, 2009[14]"""
"The episode begins with the preview of episode 51 with Naruto Uzumaki, Sakura Haruno and Sai reuniting with Sasuke Uchiha who seeks Naruto's power and suppress the Nine-Tailed Fox within his subconscious. The first episode begins with Naruto returning home after two and a half years of training with Jiraiya, and seeing Sakura and Konohamaru, many people from the village congratulate him. Konohamaru and his fellows are on a mission and somehow successfully complete it. Jiraiya accompanies Naruto home and meets Tsunade who assigns Naruto and Sakura on their first mission, but first they must defeat someone to prove their growth and progress in the last two and a half years.,""The episode begins with the preview of episode 51 with Naruto Uzumaki, Sakura Haruno and Sai reuniting with Sasuke Uchiha who seeks Naruto's power and suppress the Nine-Tailed Fox within his subconscious. The first episode begins with Naruto returning home after two and a half years of training with Jiraiya, and seeing Sakura and Konohamaru, many people from the village congratulate him. Konohamaru and his fellows are on a mission and somehow successfully complete it. Jiraiya accompanies Naruto home and meets Tsunade who assigns Naruto and Sakura on their first mission, but first they must defeat someone to prove their growth and progress in the last two and a half years."",""The episode begins with the preview of episode 51 with Naruto Uzumaki, Sakura Haruno and Sai reuniting with Sasuke Uchiha who seeks Naruto's power and suppress the Nine-Tailed Fox within his subconscious. The first episode begins with Naruto returning home after two and a half years of training with Jiraiya, and seeing Sakura and Konohamaru, many people from the village congratulate him. Konohamaru and his fellows are on a mission and somehow successfully complete it. Jiraiya accompanies Naruto home and meets Tsunade who assigns Naruto and Sakura on their first mission, but first they must defeat someone to prove their growth and progress in the last two and a half years."",""The episode begins with the preview of episode 51 with Naruto Uzumaki, Sakura Haruno and Sai reuniting with Sasuke Uchiha who seeks Naruto's power and suppress the Nine-Tailed Fox within his subconscious. The first episode begins with Naruto returning home after two and a half years of training with Jiraiya, and seeing Sakura and Konohamaru, many people from the village congratulate him. Konohamaru and his fellows are on a mission and somehow successfully complete it. Jiraiya accompanies Naruto home and meets Tsunade who assigns Naruto and Sakura on their first mission, but first they must defeat someone to prove their growth and progress in the last two and a half years."",""The episode begins with the preview of episode 51 with Naruto Uzumaki, Sakura Haruno and Sai reuniting with Sasuke Uchiha who seeks Naruto's power and suppress the Nine-Tailed Fox within his subconscious. The first episode begins with Naruto returning home after two and a half years of training with Jiraiya, and seeing Sakura and Konohamaru, many people from the village congratulate him. Konohamaru and his fellows are on a mission and somehow successfully complete it. Jiraiya accompanies Naruto home and meets Tsunade who assigns Naruto and Sakura on their first mission, but first they must defeat someone to prove their growth and progress in the last two and a half years."""
"2,""""""The Akatsuki Makes Its Move""""Transcription: """"Akatsuki, Shidō"""" (Japanese: 暁, 始動)"",""February 15, 2007"",""October 28, 2009[14]"""
"Learning that all of his friends were promoted to Chunin, Neji Hyuga as Jonin and Gaara as the Fifth Kazekage, Naruto gives a copy of Jiraiya's new book Make-Out Tactics to Kakashi Hatake, who challenges Naruto and Sakura for the bell retrieval test. Jiraiya converses with Kakashi about the Akatsuki searching for the Tailed Beasts and Gaara who is in the Hidden Sand Village, before Yura senses Sasori and Deidara arriving there to capture the One-Tailed's Jinchuriki Gaara. Meanwhile, in the Hidden Leaf Village, Sakura and Naruto fight Kakashi with their new skills and strength.,""Learning that all of his friends were promoted to Chunin, Neji Hyuga as Jonin and Gaara as the Fifth Kazekage, Naruto gives a copy of Jiraiya's new book Make-Out Tactics to Kakashi Hatake, who challenges Naruto and Sakura for the bell retrieval test. Jiraiya converses with Kakashi about the Akatsuki searching for the Tailed Beasts and Gaara who is in the Hidden Sand Village, before Yura senses Sasori and Deidara arriving there to capture the One-Tailed's Jinchuriki Gaara. Meanwhile, in the Hidden Leaf Village, Sakura and Naruto fight Kakashi with their new skills and strength."",""Learning that all of his friends were promoted to Chunin, Neji Hyuga as Jonin and Gaara as the Fifth Kazekage, Naruto gives a copy of Jiraiya's new book Make-Out Tactics to Kakashi Hatake, who challenges Naruto and Sakura for the bell retrieval test. Jiraiya converses with Kakashi about the Akatsuki searching for the Tailed Beasts and Gaara who is in the Hidden Sand Village, before Yura senses Sasori and Deidara arriving there to capture the One-Tailed's Jinchuriki Gaara. Meanwhile, in the Hidden Leaf Village, Sakura and Naruto fight Kakashi with their new skills and strength."",""Learning that all of his friends were promoted to Chunin, Neji Hyuga as Jonin and Gaara as the Fifth Kazekage, Naruto gives a copy of Jiraiya's new book Make-Out Tactics to Kakashi Hatake, who challenges Naruto and Sakura for the bell retrieval test. Jiraiya converses with Kakashi about the Akatsuki searching for the Tailed Beasts and Gaara who is in the Hidden Sand Village, before Yura senses Sasori and Deidara arriving there to capture the One-Tailed's Jinchuriki Gaara. Meanwhile, in the Hidden Leaf Village, Sakura and Naruto fight Kakashi with their new skills and strength."",""Learning that all of his friends were promoted to Chunin, Neji Hyuga as Jonin and Gaara as the Fifth Kazekage, Naruto gives a copy of Jiraiya's new book Make-Out Tactics to Kakashi Hatake, who challenges Naruto and Sakura for the bell retrieval test. Jiraiya converses with Kakashi about the Akatsuki searching for the Tailed Beasts and Gaara who is in the Hidden Sand Village, before Yura senses Sasori and Deidara arriving there to capture the One-Tailed's Jinchuriki Gaara. Meanwhile, in the Hidden Leaf Village, Sakura and Naruto fight Kakashi with their new skills and strength."""
"3,""""""The Results of Training""""Transcription: """"Shugyō no Seika"""" (Japanese: 修業の成果)"",""February 22, 2007"",""October 28, 2009[14]"""
"Naruto attacks Kakashi using shadow clones, using a new strategy which is very different from his previous head on attacks and surprises Kakashi. Sakura also shows her true beastly strength that she gained through the training from Lady Tsunade. Kakshi finds it hard to dodge every attack and relies on his Sharingan. As they fight, Kakashi reminisced about Team 7 from two years back and how they were so weak then, understanding that the same old tricks won't work on Sakura and Naruto again. Meanwhile that night, in the Hidden Sand, Deidara (a member of the Akatsuki) stealthily infiltrates the village from the air and is confronted by Gaara who attempts to chase him off.,""Naruto attacks Kakashi using shadow clones, using a new strategy which is very different from his previous head on attacks and surprises Kakashi. Sakura also shows her true beastly strength that she gained through the training from Lady Tsunade. Kakshi finds it hard to dodge every attack and relies on his Sharingan. As they fight, Kakashi reminisced about Team 7 from two years back and how they were so weak then, understanding that the same old tricks won't work on Sakura and Naruto again. Meanwhile that night, in the Hidden Sand, Deidara (a member of the Akatsuki) stealthily infiltrates the village from the air and is confronted by Gaara who attempts to chase him off."",""Naruto attacks Kakashi using shadow clones, using a new strategy which is very different from his previous head on attacks and surprises Kakashi. Sakura also shows her true beastly strength that she gained through the training from Lady Tsunade. Kakshi finds it hard to dodge every attack and relies on his Sharingan. As they fight, Kakashi reminisced about Team 7 from two years back and how they were so weak then, understanding that the same old tricks won't work on Sakura and Naruto again. Meanwhile that night, in the Hidden Sand, Deidara (a member of the Akatsuki) stealthily infiltrates the village from the air and is confronted by Gaara who attempts to chase him off."",""Naruto attacks Kakashi using shadow clones, using a new strategy which is very different from his previous head on attacks and surprises Kakashi. Sakura also shows her true beastly strength that she gained through the training from Lady Tsunade. Kakshi finds it hard to dodge every attack and relies on his Sharingan. As they fight, Kakashi reminisced about Team 7 from two years back and how they were so weak then, understanding that the same old tricks won't work on Sakura and Naruto again. Meanwhile that night, in the Hidden Sand, Deidara (a member of the Akatsuki) stealthily infiltrates the village from the air and is confronted by Gaara who attempts to chase him off."",""Naruto attacks Kakashi using shadow clones, using a new strategy which is very different from his previous head on attacks and surprises Kakashi. Sakura also shows her true beastly strength that she gained through the training from Lady Tsunade. Kakshi finds it hard to dodge every attack and relies on his Sharingan. As they fight, Kakashi reminisced about Team 7 from two years back and how they were so weak then, understanding that the same old tricks won't work on Sakura and Naruto again. Meanwhile that night, in the Hidden Sand, Deidara (a member of the Akatsuki) stealthily infiltrates the village from the air and is confronted by Gaara who attempts to chase him off."""
"4,""""""The Jinchuriki of the Sand""""Transcription: """"Suna no Jinchūriki"""" (Japanese: 砂の人柱力)"",""March 1, 2007"",""October 28, 2009[14]"""
"Gaara's sand tries to chase Deidara who seems to flee on his clay bird around the Hidden Sand. Deidara tries a few attacks and blows which Gaara easily evades. Finally, Gaara uses his sand as a complete shield and envelopes himself in it. Deidara wonders how he should capture the Jinchuriki. In the Hidden Leaf, Kakashi uses water, fire and earth techniques and quickly takes on the offensive, Naruto and Sakura try to defend but understand that they need a new strategy. Naruto, knowing about Kakashi's love for the book "" Make-Out Tactics"" threatens him to tell him a big spoiler. As Kakashi covers his ears, Naruto and Sakura retrieves the bells from his hand. Meanwhile, Gaara takes on the defensive.,""Gaara's sand tries to chase Deidara who seems to flee on his clay bird around the Hidden Sand. Deidara tries a few attacks and blows which Gaara easily evades. Finally, Gaara uses his sand as a complete shield and envelopes himself in it. Deidara wonders how he should capture the Jinchuriki. In the Hidden Leaf, Kakashi uses water, fire and earth techniques and quickly takes on the offensive, Naruto and Sakura try to defend but understand that they need a new strategy. Naruto, knowing about Kakashi's love for the book """" Make-Out Tactics"""" threatens him to tell him a big spoiler. As Kakashi covers his ears, Naruto and Sakura retrieves the bells from his hand. Meanwhile, Gaara takes on the defensive."",""Gaara's sand tries to chase Deidara who seems to flee on his clay bird around the Hidden Sand. Deidara tries a few attacks and blows which Gaara easily evades. Finally, Gaara uses his sand as a complete shield and envelopes himself in it. Deidara wonders how he should capture the Jinchuriki. In the Hidden Leaf, Kakashi uses water, fire and earth techniques and quickly takes on the offensive, Naruto and Sakura try to defend but understand that they need a new strategy. Naruto, knowing about Kakashi's love for the book """" Make-Out Tactics"""" threatens him to tell him a big spoiler. As Kakashi covers his ears, Naruto and Sakura retrieves the bells from his hand. Meanwhile, Gaara takes on the defensive."",""Gaara's sand tries to chase Deidara who seems to flee on his clay bird around the Hidden Sand. Deidara tries a few attacks and blows which Gaara easily evades. Finally, Gaara uses his sand as a complete shield and envelopes himself in it. Deidara wonders how he should capture the Jinchuriki. In the Hidden Leaf, Kakashi uses water, fire and earth techniques and quickly takes on the offensive, Naruto and Sakura try to defend but understand that they need a new strategy. Naruto, knowing about Kakashi's love for the book """" Make-Out Tactics"""" threatens him to tell him a big spoiler. As Kakashi covers his ears, Naruto and Sakura retrieves the bells from his hand. Meanwhile, Gaara takes on the defensive."",""Gaara's sand tries to chase Deidara who seems to flee on his clay bird around the Hidden Sand. Deidara tries a few attacks and blows which Gaara easily evades. Finally, Gaara uses his sand as a complete shield and envelopes himself in it. Deidara wonders how he should capture the Jinchuriki. In the Hidden Leaf, Kakashi uses water, fire and earth techniques and quickly takes on the offensive, Naruto and Sakura try to defend but understand that they need a new strategy. Naruto, knowing about Kakashi's love for the book """" Make-Out Tactics"""" threatens him to tell him a big spoiler. As Kakashi covers his ears, Naruto and Sakura retrieves the bells from his hand. Meanwhile, Gaara takes on the defensive."""
"5,""""""The Kazekage Stands Tall""""Transcription: """"Kazekage to shite...!"""" (Japanese: 風影として...!)"",""March 15, 2007"",""November 4, 2009[15]"""
"Naruto and Sakura rest. Deidara plants a bomb inside Gaara's shield but Gaara prevents it using sand body armor. Later, Gaara brings out the Shukaku and attacks Deidara with Shukaku's huge hands, in which he catches Deidara's arm and breaks it using the Sand Coffin Technique. Deidara plants small bombs in the sand which later blow up in Gaara's face, weakening him. Later Deidara summons a huge puppet, which is an explosive named C3 with great destructive properties, and drops it on the Hidden Sand. Kankuro, the General and the entire village watch this and run. Naruto and Jiraiya eat Ramen as Naruto fails to go on a date with Sakura.,""Naruto and Sakura rest. Deidara plants a bomb inside Gaara's shield but Gaara prevents it using sand body armor. Later, Gaara brings out the Shukaku and attacks Deidara with Shukaku's huge hands, in which he catches Deidara's arm and breaks it using the Sand Coffin Technique. Deidara plants small bombs in the sand which later blow up in Gaara's face, weakening him. Later Deidara summons a huge puppet, which is an explosive named C3 with great destructive properties, and drops it on the Hidden Sand. Kankuro, the General and the entire village watch this and run. Naruto and Jiraiya eat Ramen as Naruto fails to go on a date with Sakura."",""Naruto and Sakura rest. Deidara plants a bomb inside Gaara's shield but Gaara prevents it using sand body armor. Later, Gaara brings out the Shukaku and attacks Deidara with Shukaku's huge hands, in which he catches Deidara's arm and breaks it using the Sand Coffin Technique. Deidara plants small bombs in the sand which later blow up in Gaara's face, weakening him. Later Deidara summons a huge puppet, which is an explosive named C3 with great destructive properties, and drops it on the Hidden Sand. Kankuro, the General and the entire village watch this and run. Naruto and Jiraiya eat Ramen as Naruto fails to go on a date with Sakura."",""Naruto and Sakura rest. Deidara plants a bomb inside Gaara's shield but Gaara prevents it using sand body armor. Later, Gaara brings out the Shukaku and attacks Deidara with Shukaku's huge hands, in which he catches Deidara's arm and breaks it using the Sand Coffin Technique. Deidara plants small bombs in the sand which later blow up in Gaara's face, weakening him. Later Deidara summons a huge puppet, which is an explosive named C3 with great destructive properties, and drops it on the Hidden Sand. Kankuro, the General and the entire village watch this and run. Naruto and Jiraiya eat Ramen as Naruto fails to go on a date with Sakura."",""Naruto and Sakura rest. Deidara plants a bomb inside Gaara's shield but Gaara prevents it using sand body armor. Later, Gaara brings out the Shukaku and attacks Deidara with Shukaku's huge hands, in which he catches Deidara's arm and breaks it using the Sand Coffin Technique. Deidara plants small bombs in the sand which later blow up in Gaara's face, weakening him. Later Deidara summons a huge puppet, which is an explosive named C3 with great destructive properties, and drops it on the Hidden Sand. Kankuro, the General and the entire village watch this and run. Naruto and Jiraiya eat Ramen as Naruto fails to go on a date with Sakura."""
"6,""""""Mission Cleared""""Transcription: """"Norumakuriā"""" (Japanese: ノルマクリアー)"",""March 29, 2007"",""November 11, 2009[15]"""
"Gaara blocks the C3 explosion using a big sand umbrella covering the Hidden Sand. Kankuro recalls the day that Gaara became Kazekage and how he promised he would control his beast and use it faithfully to protect the Hidden Sand and take responsibility. The villagers thank Gaara and acknowledges that he is a true Kazekage. Gaara pulls his sand back outside the village and deposits it there, before Deidara uses exploding clay spiders to knock Gaara unconscious and captures him. Diedara plants explosive spiders in Gaara's armor and defeats him. He carries Gaara's body using the tail of his clay bird and flees out of the Hidden Sand. Meanwhile, Iruka and Naruto discuss Naruto's growth and his ambitions over a bowl of Ramen. Naruto promises Iruka that, like Gaara, he would also achieve his dream of becoming the Hokage.,""Gaara blocks the C3 explosion using a big sand umbrella covering the Hidden Sand. Kankuro recalls the day that Gaara became Kazekage and how he promised he would control his beast and use it faithfully to protect the Hidden Sand and take responsibility. The villagers thank Gaara and acknowledges that he is a true Kazekage. Gaara pulls his sand back outside the village and deposits it there, before Deidara uses exploding clay spiders to knock Gaara unconscious and captures him. Diedara plants explosive spiders in Gaara's armor and defeats him. He carries Gaara's body using the tail of his clay bird and flees out of the Hidden Sand. Meanwhile, Iruka and Naruto discuss Naruto's growth and his ambitions over a bowl of Ramen. Naruto promises Iruka that, like Gaara, he would also achieve his dream of becoming the Hokage."",""Gaara blocks the C3 explosion using a big sand umbrella covering the Hidden Sand. Kankuro recalls the day that Gaara became Kazekage and how he promised he would control his beast and use it faithfully to protect the Hidden Sand and take responsibility. The villagers thank Gaara and acknowledges that he is a true Kazekage. Gaara pulls his sand back outside the village and deposits it there, before Deidara uses exploding clay spiders to knock Gaara unconscious and captures him. Diedara plants explosive spiders in Gaara's armor and defeats him. He carries Gaara's body using the tail of his clay bird and flees out of the Hidden Sand. Meanwhile, Iruka and Naruto discuss Naruto's growth and his ambitions over a bowl of Ramen. Naruto promises Iruka that, like Gaara, he would also achieve his dream of becoming the Hokage."",""Gaara blocks the C3 explosion using a big sand umbrella covering the Hidden Sand. Kankuro recalls the day that Gaara became Kazekage and how he promised he would control his beast and use it faithfully to protect the Hidden Sand and take responsibility. The villagers thank Gaara and acknowledges that he is a true Kazekage. Gaara pulls his sand back outside the village and deposits it there, before Deidara uses exploding clay spiders to knock Gaara unconscious and captures him. Diedara plants explosive spiders in Gaara's armor and defeats him. He carries Gaara's body using the tail of his clay bird and flees out of the Hidden Sand. Meanwhile, Iruka and Naruto discuss Naruto's growth and his ambitions over a bowl of Ramen. Naruto promises Iruka that, like Gaara, he would also achieve his dream of becoming the Hokage."",""Gaara blocks the C3 explosion using a big sand umbrella covering the Hidden Sand. Kankuro recalls the day that Gaara became Kazekage and how he promised he would control his beast and use it faithfully to protect the Hidden Sand and take responsibility. The villagers thank Gaara and acknowledges that he is a true Kazekage. Gaara pulls his sand back outside the village and deposits it there, before Deidara uses exploding clay spiders to knock Gaara unconscious and captures him. Diedara plants explosive spiders in Gaara's armor and defeats him. He carries Gaara's body using the tail of his clay bird and flees out of the Hidden Sand. Meanwhile, Iruka and Naruto discuss Naruto's growth and his ambitions over a bowl of Ramen. Naruto promises Iruka that, like Gaara, he would also achieve his dream of becoming the Hokage."""
"7,""""""Run, Kankuro""""Transcription: """"Hashire Kankurō"""" (Japanese: 疾走れカンクロウ)"",""March 29, 2007"",""November 18, 2009[15]"""
"As Deidara returns with Gaara, Sasori plants traps in the aisle of the entry to the Hidden Sand for the village's ninjas that were chasing after them. Several ninjas die in their hurry to catch Deidara but Kankuro manages to save two of them from the traps and hastily traces the footsteps of Sasori. After Kankuro catches up to them, Sasori orders Deidara to leave with Gaara and while he stops to kill Kankuro. Alone in the desert, Kankuro uses the Puppet Technique on the Crow, Black Ant and Salamander to challenge Sasori the next day. The Hidden Sand delivers a message on the hawk Takamaru for the Hidden Leaf. Naruto takes up in his room and has a few memories. Shikamaru accompanies Temari as she prepares to leave the Hidden Leaf and head back to the Hidden Sand.,""As Deidara returns with Gaara, Sasori plants traps in the aisle of the entry to the Hidden Sand for the village's ninjas that were chasing after them. Several ninjas die in their hurry to catch Deidara but Kankuro manages to save two of them from the traps and hastily traces the footsteps of Sasori. After Kankuro catches up to them, Sasori orders Deidara to leave with Gaara and while he stops to kill Kankuro. Alone in the desert, Kankuro uses the Puppet Technique on the Crow, Black Ant and Salamander to challenge Sasori the next day. The Hidden Sand delivers a message on the hawk Takamaru for the Hidden Leaf. Naruto takes up in his room and has a few memories. Shikamaru accompanies Temari as she prepares to leave the Hidden Leaf and head back to the Hidden Sand."",""As Deidara returns with Gaara, Sasori plants traps in the aisle of the entry to the Hidden Sand for the village's ninjas that were chasing after them. Several ninjas die in their hurry to catch Deidara but Kankuro manages to save two of them from the traps and hastily traces the footsteps of Sasori. After Kankuro catches up to them, Sasori orders Deidara to leave with Gaara and while he stops to kill Kankuro. Alone in the desert, Kankuro uses the Puppet Technique on the Crow, Black Ant and Salamander to challenge Sasori the next day. The Hidden Sand delivers a message on the hawk Takamaru for the Hidden Leaf. Naruto takes up in his room and has a few memories. Shikamaru accompanies Temari as she prepares to leave the Hidden Leaf and head back to the Hidden Sand."",""As Deidara returns with Gaara, Sasori plants traps in the aisle of the entry to the Hidden Sand for the village's ninjas that were chasing after them. Several ninjas die in their hurry to catch Deidara but Kankuro manages to save two of them from the traps and hastily traces the footsteps of Sasori. After Kankuro catches up to them, Sasori orders Deidara to leave with Gaara and while he stops to kill Kankuro. Alone in the desert, Kankuro uses the Puppet Technique on the Crow, Black Ant and Salamander to challenge Sasori the next day. The Hidden Sand delivers a message on the hawk Takamaru for the Hidden Leaf. Naruto takes up in his room and has a few memories. Shikamaru accompanies Temari as she prepares to leave the Hidden Leaf and head back to the Hidden Sand."",""As Deidara returns with Gaara, Sasori plants traps in the aisle of the entry to the Hidden Sand for the village's ninjas that were chasing after them. Several ninjas die in their hurry to catch Deidara but Kankuro manages to save two of them from the traps and hastily traces the footsteps of Sasori. After Kankuro catches up to them, Sasori orders Deidara to leave with Gaara and while he stops to kill Kankuro. Alone in the desert, Kankuro uses the Puppet Technique on the Crow, Black Ant and Salamander to challenge Sasori the next day. The Hidden Sand delivers a message on the hawk Takamaru for the Hidden Leaf. Naruto takes up in his room and has a few memories. Shikamaru accompanies Temari as she prepares to leave the Hidden Leaf and head back to the Hidden Sand."""
"8,""""""Team Kakashi, Deployed""""Transcription: """"Shutsugeki, Kakashi-han"""" (Japanese: 出撃, カカシ班)"",""April 12, 2007"",""December 2, 2009[15]"""
"Kankuro fails to attack Sasori who uses his stinging tail to destroy Kankuro's puppets and injures Kankuro with the three day poison, before Sasori declares that he created Kankuro's puppets and leaves. Meanwhile, the Hidden Leaf receives the emergency letter from the Hidden Sand. An expert deciphers the letter and reports to Tsunade that Gaara, the Kazekage of the Hidden Sand has been attacked and kidnapped by the Akatsuki. Tsunade, immediately understanding the emergency, assigns Naruto, Sakura and Kakashi to rescue Gaara. Naruto is angered and wanting an S-rank mission is prepared to do anything to rescue Gaara.,""Kankuro fails to attack Sasori who uses his stinging tail to destroy Kankuro's puppets and injures Kankuro with the three day poison, before Sasori declares that he created Kankuro's puppets and leaves. Meanwhile, the Hidden Leaf receives the emergency letter from the Hidden Sand. An expert deciphers the letter and reports to Tsunade that Gaara, the Kazekage of the Hidden Sand has been attacked and kidnapped by the Akatsuki. Tsunade, immediately understanding the emergency, assigns Naruto, Sakura and Kakashi to rescue Gaara. Naruto is angered and wanting an S-rank mission is prepared to do anything to rescue Gaara."",""Kankuro fails to attack Sasori who uses his stinging tail to destroy Kankuro's puppets and injures Kankuro with the three day poison, before Sasori declares that he created Kankuro's puppets and leaves. Meanwhile, the Hidden Leaf receives the emergency letter from the Hidden Sand. An expert deciphers the letter and reports to Tsunade that Gaara, the Kazekage of the Hidden Sand has been attacked and kidnapped by the Akatsuki. Tsunade, immediately understanding the emergency, assigns Naruto, Sakura and Kakashi to rescue Gaara. Naruto is angered and wanting an S-rank mission is prepared to do anything to rescue Gaara."",""Kankuro fails to attack Sasori who uses his stinging tail to destroy Kankuro's puppets and injures Kankuro with the three day poison, before Sasori declares that he created Kankuro's puppets and leaves. Meanwhile, the Hidden Leaf receives the emergency letter from the Hidden Sand. An expert deciphers the letter and reports to Tsunade that Gaara, the Kazekage of the Hidden Sand has been attacked and kidnapped by the Akatsuki. Tsunade, immediately understanding the emergency, assigns Naruto, Sakura and Kakashi to rescue Gaara. Naruto is angered and wanting an S-rank mission is prepared to do anything to rescue Gaara."",""Kankuro fails to attack Sasori who uses his stinging tail to destroy Kankuro's puppets and injures Kankuro with the three day poison, before Sasori declares that he created Kankuro's puppets and leaves. Meanwhile, the Hidden Leaf receives the emergency letter from the Hidden Sand. An expert deciphers the letter and reports to Tsunade that Gaara, the Kazekage of the Hidden Sand has been attacked and kidnapped by the Akatsuki. Tsunade, immediately understanding the emergency, assigns Naruto, Sakura and Kakashi to rescue Gaara. Naruto is angered and wanting an S-rank mission is prepared to do anything to rescue Gaara."""
"9,""""""The Jinchuriki's Tears""""Transcription: """"Jinchūriki no Namida"""" (Japanese: 人柱力の涙)"",""April 12, 2007"",""December 9, 2009[15]"""
"The Hidden Sand repairs the damages around the mountain area and removes the explosives set on the walls. Temari gets the bad news and worries about her brother and joins Team Kakashi. Naruto, Sakura, Kakashi and Temari move through the forest and recalls their past about Gaara and how he countered the tailed beast sealed within him, about the Chunin Exams and Sasuke. Naruto regrets that Itachi met Sasuke which led to a division in their previous Team 7. The Hidden Sand's medical ninjas fail to find a cure to Kankuro's poisoning. Baki witnesses Kankuro's suffering in the hospital, and informs Chiyo and her brother, Ebizo, the two elder Councillors of the village about the Akatsuki. The Hidden Sand's villagers discuss their loss and what they should do and plan the next step.,""The Hidden Sand repairs the damages around the mountain area and removes the explosives set on the walls. Temari gets the bad news and worries about her brother and joins Team Kakashi. Naruto, Sakura, Kakashi and Temari move through the forest and recalls their past about Gaara and how he countered the tailed beast sealed within him, about the Chunin Exams and Sasuke. Naruto regrets that Itachi met Sasuke which led to a division in their previous Team 7. The Hidden Sand's medical ninjas fail to find a cure to Kankuro's poisoning. Baki witnesses Kankuro's suffering in the hospital, and informs Chiyo and her brother, Ebizo, the two elder Councillors of the village about the Akatsuki. The Hidden Sand's villagers discuss their loss and what they should do and plan the next step."",""The Hidden Sand repairs the damages around the mountain area and removes the explosives set on the walls. Temari gets the bad news and worries about her brother and joins Team Kakashi. Naruto, Sakura, Kakashi and Temari move through the forest and recalls their past about Gaara and how he countered the tailed beast sealed within him, about the Chunin Exams and Sasuke. Naruto regrets that Itachi met Sasuke which led to a division in their previous Team 7. The Hidden Sand's medical ninjas fail to find a cure to Kankuro's poisoning. Baki witnesses Kankuro's suffering in the hospital, and informs Chiyo and her brother, Ebizo, the two elder Councillors of the village about the Akatsuki. The Hidden Sand's villagers discuss their loss and what they should do and plan the next step."",""The Hidden Sand repairs the damages around the mountain area and removes the explosives set on the walls. Temari gets the bad news and worries about her brother and joins Team Kakashi. Naruto, Sakura, Kakashi and Temari move through the forest and recalls their past about Gaara and how he countered the tailed beast sealed within him, about the Chunin Exams and Sasuke. Naruto regrets that Itachi met Sasuke which led to a division in their previous Team 7. The Hidden Sand's medical ninjas fail to find a cure to Kankuro's poisoning. Baki witnesses Kankuro's suffering in the hospital, and informs Chiyo and her brother, Ebizo, the two elder Councillors of the village about the Akatsuki. The Hidden Sand's villagers discuss their loss and what they should do and plan the next step."",""The Hidden Sand repairs the damages around the mountain area and removes the explosives set on the walls. Temari gets the bad news and worries about her brother and joins Team Kakashi. Naruto, Sakura, Kakashi and Temari move through the forest and recalls their past about Gaara and how he countered the tailed beast sealed within him, about the Chunin Exams and Sasuke. Naruto regrets that Itachi met Sasuke which led to a division in their previous Team 7. The Hidden Sand's medical ninjas fail to find a cure to Kankuro's poisoning. Baki witnesses Kankuro's suffering in the hospital, and informs Chiyo and her brother, Ebizo, the two elder Councillors of the village about the Akatsuki. The Hidden Sand's villagers discuss their loss and what they should do and plan the next step."""
"10,""""""Sealing Technique: Phantom Dragons Nine Consuming Seals""""Transcription: """"Fūin Jutsu: Genryū Kyū Fūjin"""" (Japanese: 封印術·幻龍九封尽)"",""April 19, 2007"",""December 16, 2009[15]"""
"Deidara and Sasori follow the tracks to their destination. Chiyo and Ebizo try to use all their knowledge and techniques but cannot understand how to heal Kankuro. Team Kakashi take a short rest for the night. Deidara and Sasori arrive at the hideout cave, where their leader gathers with them and the rest of the Akatsuki. Using astral projection, they took three full days to extract and seal Shukaku from Gaara within the Gedo Statue. All the members of the Akatsuki concentrate on the Phantom Dragons Nine Consuming Seals Technique. Seeing that the need is dire and urgent Tsunade assigns Team Guy as backup support for Team Kakashi. The group arrive at the Hidden Sand after withstanding a strong sandstorm, where they meet with Chiyo who attacks Kakashi, mistaking him for his father, Sakumo Hatake.,""Deidara and Sasori follow the tracks to their destination. Chiyo and Ebizo try to use all their knowledge and techniques but cannot understand how to heal Kankuro. Team Kakashi take a short rest for the night. Deidara and Sasori arrive at the hideout cave, where their leader gathers with them and the rest of the Akatsuki. Using astral projection, they took three full days to extract and seal Shukaku from Gaara within the Gedo Statue. All the members of the Akatsuki concentrate on the Phantom Dragons Nine Consuming Seals Technique. Seeing that the need is dire and urgent Tsunade assigns Team Guy as backup support for Team Kakashi. The group arrive at the Hidden Sand after withstanding a strong sandstorm, where they meet with Chiyo who attacks Kakashi, mistaking him for his father, Sakumo Hatake."",""Deidara and Sasori follow the tracks to their destination. Chiyo and Ebizo try to use all their knowledge and techniques but cannot understand how to heal Kankuro. Team Kakashi take a short rest for the night. Deidara and Sasori arrive at the hideout cave, where their leader gathers with them and the rest of the Akatsuki. Using astral projection, they took three full days to extract and seal Shukaku from Gaara within the Gedo Statue. All the members of the Akatsuki concentrate on the Phantom Dragons Nine Consuming Seals Technique. Seeing that the need is dire and urgent Tsunade assigns Team Guy as backup support for Team Kakashi. The group arrive at the Hidden Sand after withstanding a strong sandstorm, where they meet with Chiyo who attacks Kakashi, mistaking him for his father, Sakumo Hatake."",""Deidara and Sasori follow the tracks to their destination. Chiyo and Ebizo try to use all their knowledge and techniques but cannot understand how to heal Kankuro. Team Kakashi take a short rest for the night. Deidara and Sasori arrive at the hideout cave, where their leader gathers with them and the rest of the Akatsuki. Using astral projection, they took three full days to extract and seal Shukaku from Gaara within the Gedo Statue. All the members of the Akatsuki concentrate on the Phantom Dragons Nine Consuming Seals Technique. Seeing that the need is dire and urgent Tsunade assigns Team Guy as backup support for Team Kakashi. The group arrive at the Hidden Sand after withstanding a strong sandstorm, where they meet with Chiyo who attacks Kakashi, mistaking him for his father, Sakumo Hatake."",""Deidara and Sasori follow the tracks to their destination. Chiyo and Ebizo try to use all their knowledge and techniques but cannot understand how to heal Kankuro. Team Kakashi take a short rest for the night. Deidara and Sasori arrive at the hideout cave, where their leader gathers with them and the rest of the Akatsuki. Using astral projection, they took three full days to extract and seal Shukaku from Gaara within the Gedo Statue. All the members of the Akatsuki concentrate on the Phantom Dragons Nine Consuming Seals Technique. Seeing that the need is dire and urgent Tsunade assigns Team Guy as backup support for Team Kakashi. The group arrive at the Hidden Sand after withstanding a strong sandstorm, where they meet with Chiyo who attacks Kakashi, mistaking him for his father, Sakumo Hatake."""
"11,""""""The Medical Ninja's Student""""Transcription: """"Iryō Ninja no Deshi"""" (Japanese: 医療忍者の弟子)"",""April 26, 2007"",""December 23, 2009[15]"""
"Kakashi reasons with Chiyo and Sakura removes the poison from Kankuro to create an antidote taught by Tsunade. Kankuro gives Sasori's torn mask cloth to Pakkun, the Ninja Dog Kakashi summoned, who senses it. Kankuro asks Naruto to save Gaara.,""Kakashi reasons with Chiyo and Sakura removes the poison from Kankuro to create an antidote taught by Tsunade. Kankuro gives Sasori's torn mask cloth to Pakkun, the Ninja Dog Kakashi summoned, who senses it. Kankuro asks Naruto to save Gaara."",""Kakashi reasons with Chiyo and Sakura removes the poison from Kankuro to create an antidote taught by Tsunade. Kankuro gives Sasori's torn mask cloth to Pakkun, the Ninja Dog Kakashi summoned, who senses it. Kankuro asks Naruto to save Gaara."",""Kakashi reasons with Chiyo and Sakura removes the poison from Kankuro to create an antidote taught by Tsunade. Kankuro gives Sasori's torn mask cloth to Pakkun, the Ninja Dog Kakashi summoned, who senses it. Kankuro asks Naruto to save Gaara."",""Kakashi reasons with Chiyo and Sakura removes the poison from Kankuro to create an antidote taught by Tsunade. Kankuro gives Sasori's torn mask cloth to Pakkun, the Ninja Dog Kakashi summoned, who senses it. Kankuro asks Naruto to save Gaara."""
"12,""""""The Retired Granny's Determination""""Transcription: """"Inkyo Babā no Ketsui"""" (Japanese: 隠居ババアの決意)"",""May 3, 2007"",""December 31, 2009[15]"""
"The process of the extraction of Shukaku from Gaara has begun at the Gedo Statue. The next day Naruto wakes up and notices Pakkun. Kakashi, Naruto, Sakura and Chiyo leave the Hidden Sand to get Gaara back from the Akatsuki. Pakkun joins with them and informs Team Guy about the cave in the Land of Rivers, while Chiyo tells them about the tailed beasts, two of which are sealed inside Gaara and Naruto and there are seven others in the world. She also gives a brief account of their history. Temari is given another mission with a squad, to protect the boundary of the villages, should the weakness of the Hidden Sand be revealed.  Team Guy also progresses through the forest to reach the Akastuki's hideout. Zetsu notices the arrival of both teams and informs his leader to send Itachi and Kisame to attack them and to give them some more time to complete the extraction and sealing of Shukaku from Gaara's body. Kisame confronts Team Guy and traps Lee, Neji and Tenten with the Water Prison Technique while Itachi takes on Team Kakashi, bringing back some memories.,""The process of the extraction of Shukaku from Gaara has begun at the Gedo Statue. The next day Naruto wakes up and notices Pakkun. Kakashi, Naruto, Sakura and Chiyo leave the Hidden Sand to get Gaara back from the Akatsuki. Pakkun joins with them and informs Team Guy about the cave in the Land of Rivers, while Chiyo tells them about the tailed beasts, two of which are sealed inside Gaara and Naruto and there are seven others in the world. She also gives a brief account of their history. Temari is given another mission with a squad, to protect the boundary of the villages, should the weakness of the Hidden Sand be revealed.  Team Guy also progresses through the forest to reach the Akastuki's hideout. Zetsu notices the arrival of both teams and informs his leader to send Itachi and Kisame to attack them and to give them some more time to complete the extraction and sealing of Shukaku from Gaara's body. Kisame confronts Team Guy and traps Lee, Neji and Tenten with the Water Prison Technique while Itachi takes on Team Kakashi, bringing back some memories."",""The process of the extraction of Shukaku from Gaara has begun at the Gedo Statue. The next day Naruto wakes up and notices Pakkun. Kakashi, Naruto, Sakura and Chiyo leave the Hidden Sand to get Gaara back from the Akatsuki. Pakkun joins with them and informs Team Guy about the cave in the Land of Rivers, while Chiyo tells them about the tailed beasts, two of which are sealed inside Gaara and Naruto and there are seven others in the world. She also gives a brief account of their history. Temari is given another mission with a squad, to protect the boundary of the villages, should the weakness of the Hidden Sand be revealed.  Team Guy also progresses through the forest to reach the Akastuki's hideout. Zetsu notices the arrival of both teams and informs his leader to send Itachi and Kisame to attack them and to give them some more time to complete the extraction and sealing of Shukaku from Gaara's body. Kisame confronts Team Guy and traps Lee, Neji and Tenten with the Water Prison Technique while Itachi takes on Team Kakashi, bringing back some memories."",""The process of the extraction of Shukaku from Gaara has begun at the Gedo Statue. The next day Naruto wakes up and notices Pakkun. Kakashi, Naruto, Sakura and Chiyo leave the Hidden Sand to get Gaara back from the Akatsuki. Pakkun joins with them and informs Team Guy about the cave in the Land of Rivers, while Chiyo tells them about the tailed beasts, two of which are sealed inside Gaara and Naruto and there are seven others in the world. She also gives a brief account of their history. Temari is given another mission with a squad, to protect the boundary of the villages, should the weakness of the Hidden Sand be revealed.  Team Guy also progresses through the forest to reach the Akastuki's hideout. Zetsu notices the arrival of both teams and informs his leader to send Itachi and Kisame to attack them and to give them some more time to complete the extraction and sealing of Shukaku from Gaara's body. Kisame confronts Team Guy and traps Lee, Neji and Tenten with the Water Prison Technique while Itachi takes on Team Kakashi, bringing back some memories."",""The process of the extraction of Shukaku from Gaara has begun at the Gedo Statue. The next day Naruto wakes up and notices Pakkun. Kakashi, Naruto, Sakura and Chiyo leave the Hidden Sand to get Gaara back from the Akatsuki. Pakkun joins with them and informs Team Guy about the cave in the Land of Rivers, while Chiyo tells them about the tailed beasts, two of which are sealed inside Gaara and Naruto and there are seven others in the world. She also gives a brief account of their history. Temari is given another mission with a squad, to protect the boundary of the villages, should the weakness of the Hidden Sand be revealed.  Team Guy also progresses through the forest to reach the Akastuki's hideout. Zetsu notices the arrival of both teams and informs his leader to send Itachi and Kisame to attack them and to give them some more time to complete the extraction and sealing of Shukaku from Gaara's body. Kisame confronts Team Guy and traps Lee, Neji and Tenten with the Water Prison Technique while Itachi takes on Team Kakashi, bringing back some memories."""
"13,""""""A Meeting With Destiny""""Transcription: """"Innen Aimamieru"""" (Japanese: 因縁あいまみえる)"",""May 10, 2007"",""December 31, 2009[15]"""
"The Akatsuki continues the extraction process. Team Guy fights with Kisame as he builds up a huge flow of water and attacks constantly using his legendary sword, Samehada. He constantly pursues and asks Might Guy whether he recognizes him and have they met somewhere before. Sensing the opponent is a better one, Guy switches to maximum power as Kisame traps his students in Water Prison Technique. Team Kakashi confronts Itachi. Despite Kakashi's warning, Itachi uses his Mangekyo Sharingan on Naruto into confronting illusions. Naruto doesn't understand what it is and wastes his chakra by attacking crow clones of Itachi. He reveals his new move, Big Ball Rasengan, which has a bigger attack and damage cover. Itachi states that Naruto has improved but still won't be able to defeat him.,""The Akatsuki continues the extraction process. Team Guy fights with Kisame as he builds up a huge flow of water and attacks constantly using his legendary sword, Samehada. He constantly pursues and asks Might Guy whether he recognizes him and have they met somewhere before. Sensing the opponent is a better one, Guy switches to maximum power as Kisame traps his students in Water Prison Technique. Team Kakashi confronts Itachi. Despite Kakashi's warning, Itachi uses his Mangekyo Sharingan on Naruto into confronting illusions. Naruto doesn't understand what it is and wastes his chakra by attacking crow clones of Itachi. He reveals his new move, Big Ball Rasengan, which has a bigger attack and damage cover. Itachi states that Naruto has improved but still won't be able to defeat him."",""The Akatsuki continues the extraction process. Team Guy fights with Kisame as he builds up a huge flow of water and attacks constantly using his legendary sword, Samehada. He constantly pursues and asks Might Guy whether he recognizes him and have they met somewhere before. Sensing the opponent is a better one, Guy switches to maximum power as Kisame traps his students in Water Prison Technique. Team Kakashi confronts Itachi. Despite Kakashi's warning, Itachi uses his Mangekyo Sharingan on Naruto into confronting illusions. Naruto doesn't understand what it is and wastes his chakra by attacking crow clones of Itachi. He reveals his new move, Big Ball Rasengan, which has a bigger attack and damage cover. Itachi states that Naruto has improved but still won't be able to defeat him."",""The Akatsuki continues the extraction process. Team Guy fights with Kisame as he builds up a huge flow of water and attacks constantly using his legendary sword, Samehada. He constantly pursues and asks Might Guy whether he recognizes him and have they met somewhere before. Sensing the opponent is a better one, Guy switches to maximum power as Kisame traps his students in Water Prison Technique. Team Kakashi confronts Itachi. Despite Kakashi's warning, Itachi uses his Mangekyo Sharingan on Naruto into confronting illusions. Naruto doesn't understand what it is and wastes his chakra by attacking crow clones of Itachi. He reveals his new move, Big Ball Rasengan, which has a bigger attack and damage cover. Itachi states that Naruto has improved but still won't be able to defeat him."",""The Akatsuki continues the extraction process. Team Guy fights with Kisame as he builds up a huge flow of water and attacks constantly using his legendary sword, Samehada. He constantly pursues and asks Might Guy whether he recognizes him and have they met somewhere before. Sensing the opponent is a better one, Guy switches to maximum power as Kisame traps his students in Water Prison Technique. Team Kakashi confronts Itachi. Despite Kakashi's warning, Itachi uses his Mangekyo Sharingan on Naruto into confronting illusions. Naruto doesn't understand what it is and wastes his chakra by attacking crow clones of Itachi. He reveals his new move, Big Ball Rasengan, which has a bigger attack and damage cover. Itachi states that Naruto has improved but still won't be able to defeat him."""
"14,""""""Naruto's Growth""""Transcription: """"Naruto no Seichō"""" (Japanese: ナルトの成長)"",""May 17, 2007"",""December 31, 2009[15]"""
"Naruto remembers his Genjutsu breaking training sessions with Jiraiya and uses them to escape Itachi's Illusionary Technique. Guy fails to steal Samehada and hurts his own hands instead. Kisame is angered and tosses Guy deep down into the sea and send five huge chakra sharks which relentlessly attack Guy who is hurt. Guy, out of patience, opens the sixth Inner Gate and uses the Morning Peacock Technique to end the fight with Kisame, while Lee, Neji and Tenten breaks free from the Water Prison Technique.,""Naruto remembers his Genjutsu breaking training sessions with Jiraiya and uses them to escape Itachi's Illusionary Technique. Guy fails to steal Samehada and hurts his own hands instead. Kisame is angered and tosses Guy deep down into the sea and send five huge chakra sharks which relentlessly attack Guy who is hurt. Guy, out of patience, opens the sixth Inner Gate and uses the Morning Peacock Technique to end the fight with Kisame, while Lee, Neji and Tenten breaks free from the Water Prison Technique."",""Naruto remembers his Genjutsu breaking training sessions with Jiraiya and uses them to escape Itachi's Illusionary Technique. Guy fails to steal Samehada and hurts his own hands instead. Kisame is angered and tosses Guy deep down into the sea and send five huge chakra sharks which relentlessly attack Guy who is hurt. Guy, out of patience, opens the sixth Inner Gate and uses the Morning Peacock Technique to end the fight with Kisame, while Lee, Neji and Tenten breaks free from the Water Prison Technique."",""Naruto remembers his Genjutsu breaking training sessions with Jiraiya and uses them to escape Itachi's Illusionary Technique. Guy fails to steal Samehada and hurts his own hands instead. Kisame is angered and tosses Guy deep down into the sea and send five huge chakra sharks which relentlessly attack Guy who is hurt. Guy, out of patience, opens the sixth Inner Gate and uses the Morning Peacock Technique to end the fight with Kisame, while Lee, Neji and Tenten breaks free from the Water Prison Technique."",""Naruto remembers his Genjutsu breaking training sessions with Jiraiya and uses them to escape Itachi's Illusionary Technique. Guy fails to steal Samehada and hurts his own hands instead. Kisame is angered and tosses Guy deep down into the sea and send five huge chakra sharks which relentlessly attack Guy who is hurt. Guy, out of patience, opens the sixth Inner Gate and uses the Morning Peacock Technique to end the fight with Kisame, while Lee, Neji and Tenten breaks free from the Water Prison Technique."""
"15,""""""The Secret Weapon is Called....""""Transcription: """"Kakushidama Nazukete"""" (Japanese: 隠し玉 名付けて...!)"",""May 24, 2007"",""December 31, 2009[15]"""
"Itachi uses shuriken inside the crows to immobilize Naruto, but Chiyo and Sakura free Naruto from Itachi's Illusionary Technique. Naruto and Kakashi together defeats Itachi who turns out to be Yura (a jonin-level ninja from the Hidden Sand) Chiyo wonders what kind of dark and powerful jutsu is this which allows all the abilities and powers to be transferred to an entirely different person. Furious, Guy opens his sixth Inner Gate and gaining much power ruthlessly attacks and kills Kisame who is later identified as Mukade (yet another jonin-level ninja from the Hidden Sand), stating the same case as Team Kakashi. They learn that Itachi and Kisame used the two ninjas to create clones to distract them.,""Itachi uses shuriken inside the crows to immobilize Naruto, but Chiyo and Sakura free Naruto from Itachi's Illusionary Technique. Naruto and Kakashi together defeats Itachi who turns out to be Yura (a jonin-level ninja from the Hidden Sand) Chiyo wonders what kind of dark and powerful jutsu is this which allows all the abilities and powers to be transferred to an entirely different person. Furious, Guy opens his sixth Inner Gate and gaining much power ruthlessly attacks and kills Kisame who is later identified as Mukade (yet another jonin-level ninja from the Hidden Sand), stating the same case as Team Kakashi. They learn that Itachi and Kisame used the two ninjas to create clones to distract them."",""Itachi uses shuriken inside the crows to immobilize Naruto, but Chiyo and Sakura free Naruto from Itachi's Illusionary Technique. Naruto and Kakashi together defeats Itachi who turns out to be Yura (a jonin-level ninja from the Hidden Sand) Chiyo wonders what kind of dark and powerful jutsu is this which allows all the abilities and powers to be transferred to an entirely different person. Furious, Guy opens his sixth Inner Gate and gaining much power ruthlessly attacks and kills Kisame who is later identified as Mukade (yet another jonin-level ninja from the Hidden Sand), stating the same case as Team Kakashi. They learn that Itachi and Kisame used the two ninjas to create clones to distract them."",""Itachi uses shuriken inside the crows to immobilize Naruto, but Chiyo and Sakura free Naruto from Itachi's Illusionary Technique. Naruto and Kakashi together defeats Itachi who turns out to be Yura (a jonin-level ninja from the Hidden Sand) Chiyo wonders what kind of dark and powerful jutsu is this which allows all the abilities and powers to be transferred to an entirely different person. Furious, Guy opens his sixth Inner Gate and gaining much power ruthlessly attacks and kills Kisame who is later identified as Mukade (yet another jonin-level ninja from the Hidden Sand), stating the same case as Team Kakashi. They learn that Itachi and Kisame used the two ninjas to create clones to distract them."",""Itachi uses shuriken inside the crows to immobilize Naruto, but Chiyo and Sakura free Naruto from Itachi's Illusionary Technique. Naruto and Kakashi together defeats Itachi who turns out to be Yura (a jonin-level ninja from the Hidden Sand) Chiyo wonders what kind of dark and powerful jutsu is this which allows all the abilities and powers to be transferred to an entirely different person. Furious, Guy opens his sixth Inner Gate and gaining much power ruthlessly attacks and kills Kisame who is later identified as Mukade (yet another jonin-level ninja from the Hidden Sand), stating the same case as Team Kakashi. They learn that Itachi and Kisame used the two ninjas to create clones to distract them."""
"16,""""""The Secret of Jinchuriki""""Transcription: """"Jinchūriki no Himitsu"""" (Japanese: 人柱力の秘密)"",""May 31, 2007"",""January 6, 2010[15]"""
"Kisame and Itachi report to the Akatsuki that now that the Hidden Leaf's ninjas have been warded off and that they have enough time to focus and complete the extraction and sealing of Shukaku. Chiyo explains that the Jinchuriki (such as Gaara and Naruto) always carry the Tailed Beasts within them and when the beast is extracted from the host, the host dies. Naruto, furiously vows that he will save Gaara and hurries. Meanwhile, in the Hidden Sand, the advisory council argues about Yura and his loyalty and also about the change in Kazekage position, due to which Kankuro becomes furious and attacks one of the elders. The elders state that if Gaara does not return soon then decisions must be taken. Team Kakashi rests for some moments much to Naruto's unwillingness.,""Kisame and Itachi report to the Akatsuki that now that the Hidden Leaf's ninjas have been warded off and that they have enough time to focus and complete the extraction and sealing of Shukaku. Chiyo explains that the Jinchuriki (such as Gaara and Naruto) always carry the Tailed Beasts within them and when the beast is extracted from the host, the host dies. Naruto, furiously vows that he will save Gaara and hurries. Meanwhile, in the Hidden Sand, the advisory council argues about Yura and his loyalty and also about the change in Kazekage position, due to which Kankuro becomes furious and attacks one of the elders. The elders state that if Gaara does not return soon then decisions must be taken. Team Kakashi rests for some moments much to Naruto's unwillingness."",""Kisame and Itachi report to the Akatsuki that now that the Hidden Leaf's ninjas have been warded off and that they have enough time to focus and complete the extraction and sealing of Shukaku. Chiyo explains that the Jinchuriki (such as Gaara and Naruto) always carry the Tailed Beasts within them and when the beast is extracted from the host, the host dies. Naruto, furiously vows that he will save Gaara and hurries. Meanwhile, in the Hidden Sand, the advisory council argues about Yura and his loyalty and also about the change in Kazekage position, due to which Kankuro becomes furious and attacks one of the elders. The elders state that if Gaara does not return soon then decisions must be taken. Team Kakashi rests for some moments much to Naruto's unwillingness."",""Kisame and Itachi report to the Akatsuki that now that the Hidden Leaf's ninjas have been warded off and that they have enough time to focus and complete the extraction and sealing of Shukaku. Chiyo explains that the Jinchuriki (such as Gaara and Naruto) always carry the Tailed Beasts within them and when the beast is extracted from the host, the host dies. Naruto, furiously vows that he will save Gaara and hurries. Meanwhile, in the Hidden Sand, the advisory council argues about Yura and his loyalty and also about the change in Kazekage position, due to which Kankuro becomes furious and attacks one of the elders. The elders state that if Gaara does not return soon then decisions must be taken. Team Kakashi rests for some moments much to Naruto's unwillingness."",""Kisame and Itachi report to the Akatsuki that now that the Hidden Leaf's ninjas have been warded off and that they have enough time to focus and complete the extraction and sealing of Shukaku. Chiyo explains that the Jinchuriki (such as Gaara and Naruto) always carry the Tailed Beasts within them and when the beast is extracted from the host, the host dies. Naruto, furiously vows that he will save Gaara and hurries. Meanwhile, in the Hidden Sand, the advisory council argues about Yura and his loyalty and also about the change in Kazekage position, due to which Kankuro becomes furious and attacks one of the elders. The elders state that if Gaara does not return soon then decisions must be taken. Team Kakashi rests for some moments much to Naruto's unwillingness."""
"17,""""""The Death of Gaara!""""Transcription: """"Gaara Shisu!"""" (Japanese: 我愛羅死す!)"",""June 7, 2007"",""January 13, 2010[15]"""
"After reminiscing Sasori and his parents, Chiyo tells the group that she was responsible for sealing the One-Tailed Shukaku inside of Gaara before arriving to the cave entrance. Team Kakashi and Team Guy arrive at the Akatsuki's hideout and greet each other discussing the direness of the situation. The Akatsuki finishes the sealing of Shukaku into the Gedo Statue which apparently kills Gaara. Kankuro watches as the photo of Gaara shatters.,""After reminiscing Sasori and his parents, Chiyo tells the group that she was responsible for sealing the One-Tailed Shukaku inside of Gaara before arriving to the cave entrance. Team Kakashi and Team Guy arrive at the Akatsuki's hideout and greet each other discussing the direness of the situation. The Akatsuki finishes the sealing of Shukaku into the Gedo Statue which apparently kills Gaara. Kankuro watches as the photo of Gaara shatters."",""After reminiscing Sasori and his parents, Chiyo tells the group that she was responsible for sealing the One-Tailed Shukaku inside of Gaara before arriving to the cave entrance. Team Kakashi and Team Guy arrive at the Akatsuki's hideout and greet each other discussing the direness of the situation. The Akatsuki finishes the sealing of Shukaku into the Gedo Statue which apparently kills Gaara. Kankuro watches as the photo of Gaara shatters."",""After reminiscing Sasori and his parents, Chiyo tells the group that she was responsible for sealing the One-Tailed Shukaku inside of Gaara before arriving to the cave entrance. Team Kakashi and Team Guy arrive at the Akatsuki's hideout and greet each other discussing the direness of the situation. The Akatsuki finishes the sealing of Shukaku into the Gedo Statue which apparently kills Gaara. Kankuro watches as the photo of Gaara shatters."",""After reminiscing Sasori and his parents, Chiyo tells the group that she was responsible for sealing the One-Tailed Shukaku inside of Gaara before arriving to the cave entrance. Team Kakashi and Team Guy arrive at the Akatsuki's hideout and greet each other discussing the direness of the situation. The Akatsuki finishes the sealing of Shukaku into the Gedo Statue which apparently kills Gaara. Kankuro watches as the photo of Gaara shatters."""
"18,""""""Charge Tactic! Button Hook Entry!!""""Transcription: """"Totsunyū! Botan Fukku Entorī"""" (Japanese: 突入!ボタンフックエントリー)"",""June 21, 2007"",""January 20, 2010[15]"""
"Neji uses his Byakugan and observes what's happening inside the caves and sees the Gedo statue and the nine Akatsuki members assembled. Also he observes Gaara's body and tells both the teams what's happening inside. Guy tries to break the big rock covering the cave but is obstructed by a strong Five-Seal Barrier. Kakashi tells them that there are tags attached at five different locations around the area that should be torn off simultaneously to break the barrier. Neji observes the surroundings and pinpoints the locations of the tags.The Akatsuki sends Deidara and Sasori to hold Gaara and attack the group. Team Kakashi and Team Guy sense that the five forbidden tags control the barrier on the cave. Using a wireless radio frequency, both the teams removes the tags simultaneously to disable the barrier, and Sakura destroys the rock before confronting Deidara and Sasori.,""Neji uses his Byakugan and observes what's happening inside the caves and sees the Gedo statue and the nine Akatsuki members assembled. Also he observes Gaara's body and tells both the teams what's happening inside. Guy tries to break the big rock covering the cave but is obstructed by a strong Five-Seal Barrier. Kakashi tells them that there are tags attached at five different locations around the area that should be torn off simultaneously to break the barrier. Neji observes the surroundings and pinpoints the locations of the tags.The Akatsuki sends Deidara and Sasori to hold Gaara and attack the group. Team Kakashi and Team Guy sense that the five forbidden tags control the barrier on the cave. Using a wireless radio frequency, both the teams removes the tags simultaneously to disable the barrier, and Sakura destroys the rock before confronting Deidara and Sasori."",""Neji uses his Byakugan and observes what's happening inside the caves and sees the Gedo statue and the nine Akatsuki members assembled. Also he observes Gaara's body and tells both the teams what's happening inside. Guy tries to break the big rock covering the cave but is obstructed by a strong Five-Seal Barrier. Kakashi tells them that there are tags attached at five different locations around the area that should be torn off simultaneously to break the barrier. Neji observes the surroundings and pinpoints the locations of the tags.The Akatsuki sends Deidara and Sasori to hold Gaara and attack the group. Team Kakashi and Team Guy sense that the five forbidden tags control the barrier on the cave. Using a wireless radio frequency, both the teams removes the tags simultaneously to disable the barrier, and Sakura destroys the rock before confronting Deidara and Sasori."",""Neji uses his Byakugan and observes what's happening inside the caves and sees the Gedo statue and the nine Akatsuki members assembled. Also he observes Gaara's body and tells both the teams what's happening inside. Guy tries to break the big rock covering the cave but is obstructed by a strong Five-Seal Barrier. Kakashi tells them that there are tags attached at five different locations around the area that should be torn off simultaneously to break the barrier. Neji observes the surroundings and pinpoints the locations of the tags.The Akatsuki sends Deidara and Sasori to hold Gaara and attack the group. Team Kakashi and Team Guy sense that the five forbidden tags control the barrier on the cave. Using a wireless radio frequency, both the teams removes the tags simultaneously to disable the barrier, and Sakura destroys the rock before confronting Deidara and Sasori."",""Neji uses his Byakugan and observes what's happening inside the caves and sees the Gedo statue and the nine Akatsuki members assembled. Also he observes Gaara's body and tells both the teams what's happening inside. Guy tries to break the big rock covering the cave but is obstructed by a strong Five-Seal Barrier. Kakashi tells them that there are tags attached at five different locations around the area that should be torn off simultaneously to break the barrier. Neji observes the surroundings and pinpoints the locations of the tags.The Akatsuki sends Deidara and Sasori to hold Gaara and attack the group. Team Kakashi and Team Guy sense that the five forbidden tags control the barrier on the cave. Using a wireless radio frequency, both the teams removes the tags simultaneously to disable the barrier, and Sakura destroys the rock before confronting Deidara and Sasori."""
"19,""""""Traps Activate! Team Guy's Enemy""""Transcription: """"Torappu Sadō! Gai-han no Teki"""" (Japanese: 罠作動!ガイ班の敵)"",""July 5, 2007"",""January 27, 2010[15]"""
"As the barrier tags are removed, the clones of Tenten, Guy, Neji and Lee arises from the ground and attacks them. Team Guy confronts to fight their clones not getting ahead at all. Deidara and Sasori have a strong argument about what is ""Art"". Deidara angers Naruto by playing with his emotions and challenges him to take back Gaara from him. Naruto angrily demands Deidara to give Gaara back while giving chase with Kakashi. Naruto attacks Deidara who easily dodges it and flings Naruto into a rock. Kakashi, knowing how dangerous his opponent is, relies on his Sharingan. Sakura learns that Sasori is Chiyo's grandson, Chiyo informs Sakura that she may look old but she has a few tricks up her sleeve.,""As the barrier tags are removed, the clones of Tenten, Guy, Neji and Lee arises from the ground and attacks them. Team Guy confronts to fight their clones not getting ahead at all. Deidara and Sasori have a strong argument about what is """"Art"""". Deidara angers Naruto by playing with his emotions and challenges him to take back Gaara from him. Naruto angrily demands Deidara to give Gaara back while giving chase with Kakashi. Naruto attacks Deidara who easily dodges it and flings Naruto into a rock. Kakashi, knowing how dangerous his opponent is, relies on his Sharingan. Sakura learns that Sasori is Chiyo's grandson, Chiyo informs Sakura that she may look old but she has a few tricks up her sleeve."",""As the barrier tags are removed, the clones of Tenten, Guy, Neji and Lee arises from the ground and attacks them. Team Guy confronts to fight their clones not getting ahead at all. Deidara and Sasori have a strong argument about what is """"Art"""". Deidara angers Naruto by playing with his emotions and challenges him to take back Gaara from him. Naruto angrily demands Deidara to give Gaara back while giving chase with Kakashi. Naruto attacks Deidara who easily dodges it and flings Naruto into a rock. Kakashi, knowing how dangerous his opponent is, relies on his Sharingan. Sakura learns that Sasori is Chiyo's grandson, Chiyo informs Sakura that she may look old but she has a few tricks up her sleeve."",""As the barrier tags are removed, the clones of Tenten, Guy, Neji and Lee arises from the ground and attacks them. Team Guy confronts to fight their clones not getting ahead at all. Deidara and Sasori have a strong argument about what is """"Art"""". Deidara angers Naruto by playing with his emotions and challenges him to take back Gaara from him. Naruto angrily demands Deidara to give Gaara back while giving chase with Kakashi. Naruto attacks Deidara who easily dodges it and flings Naruto into a rock. Kakashi, knowing how dangerous his opponent is, relies on his Sharingan. Sakura learns that Sasori is Chiyo's grandson, Chiyo informs Sakura that she may look old but she has a few tricks up her sleeve."",""As the barrier tags are removed, the clones of Tenten, Guy, Neji and Lee arises from the ground and attacks them. Team Guy confronts to fight their clones not getting ahead at all. Deidara and Sasori have a strong argument about what is """"Art"""". Deidara angers Naruto by playing with his emotions and challenges him to take back Gaara from him. Naruto angrily demands Deidara to give Gaara back while giving chase with Kakashi. Naruto attacks Deidara who easily dodges it and flings Naruto into a rock. Kakashi, knowing how dangerous his opponent is, relies on his Sharingan. Sakura learns that Sasori is Chiyo's grandson, Chiyo informs Sakura that she may look old but she has a few tricks up her sleeve."""
"20,""""""Hiruko vs. Two Kunoichi!""""Transcription: """"Hiruko vs. Futari no Kunoichi"""" (Japanese: ヒルコVS二人の女忍者)"",""July 19, 2007"",""February 3, 2010[15]"""
"Chiyo tells Sakura that Sasori is the best human puppeteer who betrayed and left the Hidden Sand. Sensing the real Sasori inside his scorpion puppet Hiruko, Chiyo and Sakura have to dodge his stinging attacks in order to demolish Hiruko and force Sasori to emerge. Chiyo and Sakura expertly dodge Sasori's poison needles. As Chiyo paralyzes Hiruko's scorpion tail, Sakura unleashes her brute strength and breaks the puppet releasing the real Sasori. Deidara sees Naruto's Nine-Tails chakra activating.,""Chiyo tells Sakura that Sasori is the best human puppeteer who betrayed and left the Hidden Sand. Sensing the real Sasori inside his scorpion puppet Hiruko, Chiyo and Sakura have to dodge his stinging attacks in order to demolish Hiruko and force Sasori to emerge. Chiyo and Sakura expertly dodge Sasori's poison needles. As Chiyo paralyzes Hiruko's scorpion tail, Sakura unleashes her brute strength and breaks the puppet releasing the real Sasori. Deidara sees Naruto's Nine-Tails chakra activating."",""Chiyo tells Sakura that Sasori is the best human puppeteer who betrayed and left the Hidden Sand. Sensing the real Sasori inside his scorpion puppet Hiruko, Chiyo and Sakura have to dodge his stinging attacks in order to demolish Hiruko and force Sasori to emerge. Chiyo and Sakura expertly dodge Sasori's poison needles. As Chiyo paralyzes Hiruko's scorpion tail, Sakura unleashes her brute strength and breaks the puppet releasing the real Sasori. Deidara sees Naruto's Nine-Tails chakra activating."",""Chiyo tells Sakura that Sasori is the best human puppeteer who betrayed and left the Hidden Sand. Sensing the real Sasori inside his scorpion puppet Hiruko, Chiyo and Sakura have to dodge his stinging attacks in order to demolish Hiruko and force Sasori to emerge. Chiyo and Sakura expertly dodge Sasori's poison needles. As Chiyo paralyzes Hiruko's scorpion tail, Sakura unleashes her brute strength and breaks the puppet releasing the real Sasori. Deidara sees Naruto's Nine-Tails chakra activating."",""Chiyo tells Sakura that Sasori is the best human puppeteer who betrayed and left the Hidden Sand. Sensing the real Sasori inside his scorpion puppet Hiruko, Chiyo and Sakura have to dodge his stinging attacks in order to demolish Hiruko and force Sasori to emerge. Chiyo and Sakura expertly dodge Sasori's poison needles. As Chiyo paralyzes Hiruko's scorpion tail, Sakura unleashes her brute strength and breaks the puppet releasing the real Sasori. Deidara sees Naruto's Nine-Tails chakra activating."""
"21,""""""Sasori's Real Face""""Transcription: """"Sasori no Sugao"""" (Japanese: サソリの素顔)"",""July 26, 2007"",""February 10, 2010[15]"""
"Sasori tells Chiyo and Sakura that he left the Hidden Sand over twenty years ago and now has upgraded himself beyond their wildest imagination. After a short battle, Sasori promises Chiyo that he will not spare her now that she's angered him. Meanwhile, while arriving to the Land of Rivers, Ebizo tells the Hidden Sand's villagers about the Third Kazekage. Sasori summons the Third Kazekage, whom he killed and turned him into a human puppet many years ago, and injures Sakura with a hundred hands that he dispatches from the puppet. Chiyo saves herself and Sakura (using the chakra threads to pull her away) from the pins and needles that Sasori continually shoots at them. Later, the angered Sasori tries to finish off Sakura by releasing a very toxic gas which surrounds her. Outside, Naruto continues to chase Deidara.,""Sasori tells Chiyo and Sakura that he left the Hidden Sand over twenty years ago and now has upgraded himself beyond their wildest imagination. After a short battle, Sasori promises Chiyo that he will not spare her now that she's angered him. Meanwhile, while arriving to the Land of Rivers, Ebizo tells the Hidden Sand's villagers about the Third Kazekage. Sasori summons the Third Kazekage, whom he killed and turned him into a human puppet many years ago, and injures Sakura with a hundred hands that he dispatches from the puppet. Chiyo saves herself and Sakura (using the chakra threads to pull her away) from the pins and needles that Sasori continually shoots at them. Later, the angered Sasori tries to finish off Sakura by releasing a very toxic gas which surrounds her. Outside, Naruto continues to chase Deidara."",""Sasori tells Chiyo and Sakura that he left the Hidden Sand over twenty years ago and now has upgraded himself beyond their wildest imagination. After a short battle, Sasori promises Chiyo that he will not spare her now that she's angered him. Meanwhile, while arriving to the Land of Rivers, Ebizo tells the Hidden Sand's villagers about the Third Kazekage. Sasori summons the Third Kazekage, whom he killed and turned him into a human puppet many years ago, and injures Sakura with a hundred hands that he dispatches from the puppet. Chiyo saves herself and Sakura (using the chakra threads to pull her away) from the pins and needles that Sasori continually shoots at them. Later, the angered Sasori tries to finish off Sakura by releasing a very toxic gas which surrounds her. Outside, Naruto continues to chase Deidara."",""Sasori tells Chiyo and Sakura that he left the Hidden Sand over twenty years ago and now has upgraded himself beyond their wildest imagination. After a short battle, Sasori promises Chiyo that he will not spare her now that she's angered him. Meanwhile, while arriving to the Land of Rivers, Ebizo tells the Hidden Sand's villagers about the Third Kazekage. Sasori summons the Third Kazekage, whom he killed and turned him into a human puppet many years ago, and injures Sakura with a hundred hands that he dispatches from the puppet. Chiyo saves herself and Sakura (using the chakra threads to pull her away) from the pins and needles that Sasori continually shoots at them. Later, the angered Sasori tries to finish off Sakura by releasing a very toxic gas which surrounds her. Outside, Naruto continues to chase Deidara."",""Sasori tells Chiyo and Sakura that he left the Hidden Sand over twenty years ago and now has upgraded himself beyond their wildest imagination. After a short battle, Sasori promises Chiyo that he will not spare her now that she's angered him. Meanwhile, while arriving to the Land of Rivers, Ebizo tells the Hidden Sand's villagers about the Third Kazekage. Sasori summons the Third Kazekage, whom he killed and turned him into a human puppet many years ago, and injures Sakura with a hundred hands that he dispatches from the puppet. Chiyo saves herself and Sakura (using the chakra threads to pull her away) from the pins and needles that Sasori continually shoots at them. Later, the angered Sasori tries to finish off Sakura by releasing a very toxic gas which surrounds her. Outside, Naruto continues to chase Deidara."""
"22,""""""Chiyo's Secret Skills""""Transcription: """"Chiyo no Oku no Te"""" (Japanese: チヨの奥の手)"",""August 2, 2007"",""February 17, 2010[15]"""
"Sasori uses strong chakra threads to trap Sakura in the toxic gas but she uses an explosive tag to escape. Chiyo summons the puppet versions of Sasori's late parents that he himself modeled after the real ones when he was a child. Chiyo holds down the Kazekage using ""The Mother"" with a sword and ""The Father"" with a shuriken staff but Sasori releases the Kazekage's secret technique: Iron Sand. Later, Team Guy exhaust themselves fighting their own clones, while Naruto and Kakashi avoid Deidara's clay bombs. Deidara tries to cut off Kakashi to fight alone with Naruto but is unsuccessful and loses his explosive clay.,""Sasori uses strong chakra threads to trap Sakura in the toxic gas but she uses an explosive tag to escape. Chiyo summons the puppet versions of Sasori's late parents that he himself modeled after the real ones when he was a child. Chiyo holds down the Kazekage using """"The Mother"""" with a sword and """"The Father"""" with a shuriken staff but Sasori releases the Kazekage's secret technique: Iron Sand. Later, Team Guy exhaust themselves fighting their own clones, while Naruto and Kakashi avoid Deidara's clay bombs. Deidara tries to cut off Kakashi to fight alone with Naruto but is unsuccessful and loses his explosive clay."",""Sasori uses strong chakra threads to trap Sakura in the toxic gas but she uses an explosive tag to escape. Chiyo summons the puppet versions of Sasori's late parents that he himself modeled after the real ones when he was a child. Chiyo holds down the Kazekage using """"The Mother"""" with a sword and """"The Father"""" with a shuriken staff but Sasori releases the Kazekage's secret technique: Iron Sand. Later, Team Guy exhaust themselves fighting their own clones, while Naruto and Kakashi avoid Deidara's clay bombs. Deidara tries to cut off Kakashi to fight alone with Naruto but is unsuccessful and loses his explosive clay."",""Sasori uses strong chakra threads to trap Sakura in the toxic gas but she uses an explosive tag to escape. Chiyo summons the puppet versions of Sasori's late parents that he himself modeled after the real ones when he was a child. Chiyo holds down the Kazekage using """"The Mother"""" with a sword and """"The Father"""" with a shuriken staff but Sasori releases the Kazekage's secret technique: Iron Sand. Later, Team Guy exhaust themselves fighting their own clones, while Naruto and Kakashi avoid Deidara's clay bombs. Deidara tries to cut off Kakashi to fight alone with Naruto but is unsuccessful and loses his explosive clay."",""Sasori uses strong chakra threads to trap Sakura in the toxic gas but she uses an explosive tag to escape. Chiyo summons the puppet versions of Sasori's late parents that he himself modeled after the real ones when he was a child. Chiyo holds down the Kazekage using """"The Mother"""" with a sword and """"The Father"""" with a shuriken staff but Sasori releases the Kazekage's secret technique: Iron Sand. Later, Team Guy exhaust themselves fighting their own clones, while Naruto and Kakashi avoid Deidara's clay bombs. Deidara tries to cut off Kakashi to fight alone with Naruto but is unsuccessful and loses his explosive clay."""
"23,""""""Father and Mother""""Transcription: """"""""Chichi"""" to """"Haha"""""""" (Japanese: 「父」と「母」)"",""August 2, 2007"",""February 24, 2010[15]"""
"Using Sasori's parents to protect Sakura from the Third Kazekage's Iron Sand (Chiyo makes a chakra shield and says that she also has made a few upgrades on the puppets) as Chiyo reprimands Sasori for creating the puppet versions of his parents to fake love and uses chakra threads on Sakura into dodging and bringing the sand near Sasori. She tells Sakura that the Third Kazekage's body is real unlike her puppets and that Sasori has the upper hand.,Using Sasori's parents to protect Sakura from the Third Kazekage's Iron Sand (Chiyo makes a chakra shield and says that she also has made a few upgrades on the puppets) as Chiyo reprimands Sasori for creating the puppet versions of his parents to fake love and uses chakra threads on Sakura into dodging and bringing the sand near Sasori. She tells Sakura that the Third Kazekage's body is real unlike her puppets and that Sasori has the upper hand.,Using Sasori's parents to protect Sakura from the Third Kazekage's Iron Sand (Chiyo makes a chakra shield and says that she also has made a few upgrades on the puppets) as Chiyo reprimands Sasori for creating the puppet versions of his parents to fake love and uses chakra threads on Sakura into dodging and bringing the sand near Sasori. She tells Sakura that the Third Kazekage's body is real unlike her puppets and that Sasori has the upper hand.,Using Sasori's parents to protect Sakura from the Third Kazekage's Iron Sand (Chiyo makes a chakra shield and says that she also has made a few upgrades on the puppets) as Chiyo reprimands Sasori for creating the puppet versions of his parents to fake love and uses chakra threads on Sakura into dodging and bringing the sand near Sasori. She tells Sakura that the Third Kazekage's body is real unlike her puppets and that Sasori has the upper hand.,Using Sasori's parents to protect Sakura from the Third Kazekage's Iron Sand (Chiyo makes a chakra shield and says that she also has made a few upgrades on the puppets) as Chiyo reprimands Sasori for creating the puppet versions of his parents to fake love and uses chakra threads on Sakura into dodging and bringing the sand near Sasori. She tells Sakura that the Third Kazekage's body is real unlike her puppets and that Sasori has the upper hand."
"24,""""""The Third Kazekage""""Transcription: """"Sandaime Kazekage"""" (Japanese: 三代目風影)"",""August 9, 2007"",""February 24, 2010[15]"""
"Sakura thinks that she must be of at least some use and offers her body as a puppet to be controlled by Chiyo. Enraged, Sasori sends his Iron Pyramid to crush Sakura but she remembers her strong training with Tsunade and with brute strength fends off Sasori's Iron Sand pyramid and prism that destroys the top of the cave. Sasori accepts that this is definitely more than what he thought of the girl. Outside, Team Guy fights their clones and complains that they aren't getting anywhere. Neji looks in the cave and reports. Sasori creates a large make shifting poisonous iron spikes and paralyzes Sakura, who suddenly gets up and punches the Kazekage puppet and smashes it into pieces. Deidara realizes that he is running low on explosives and needs to separate Kakashi and Naruto.,""Sakura thinks that she must be of at least some use and offers her body as a puppet to be controlled by Chiyo. Enraged, Sasori sends his Iron Pyramid to crush Sakura but she remembers her strong training with Tsunade and with brute strength fends off Sasori's Iron Sand pyramid and prism that destroys the top of the cave. Sasori accepts that this is definitely more than what he thought of the girl. Outside, Team Guy fights their clones and complains that they aren't getting anywhere. Neji looks in the cave and reports. Sasori creates a large make shifting poisonous iron spikes and paralyzes Sakura, who suddenly gets up and punches the Kazekage puppet and smashes it into pieces. Deidara realizes that he is running low on explosives and needs to separate Kakashi and Naruto."",""Sakura thinks that she must be of at least some use and offers her body as a puppet to be controlled by Chiyo. Enraged, Sasori sends his Iron Pyramid to crush Sakura but she remembers her strong training with Tsunade and with brute strength fends off Sasori's Iron Sand pyramid and prism that destroys the top of the cave. Sasori accepts that this is definitely more than what he thought of the girl. Outside, Team Guy fights their clones and complains that they aren't getting anywhere. Neji looks in the cave and reports. Sasori creates a large make shifting poisonous iron spikes and paralyzes Sakura, who suddenly gets up and punches the Kazekage puppet and smashes it into pieces. Deidara realizes that he is running low on explosives and needs to separate Kakashi and Naruto."",""Sakura thinks that she must be of at least some use and offers her body as a puppet to be controlled by Chiyo. Enraged, Sasori sends his Iron Pyramid to crush Sakura but she remembers her strong training with Tsunade and with brute strength fends off Sasori's Iron Sand pyramid and prism that destroys the top of the cave. Sasori accepts that this is definitely more than what he thought of the girl. Outside, Team Guy fights their clones and complains that they aren't getting anywhere. Neji looks in the cave and reports. Sasori creates a large make shifting poisonous iron spikes and paralyzes Sakura, who suddenly gets up and punches the Kazekage puppet and smashes it into pieces. Deidara realizes that he is running low on explosives and needs to separate Kakashi and Naruto."",""Sakura thinks that she must be of at least some use and offers her body as a puppet to be controlled by Chiyo. Enraged, Sasori sends his Iron Pyramid to crush Sakura but she remembers her strong training with Tsunade and with brute strength fends off Sasori's Iron Sand pyramid and prism that destroys the top of the cave. Sasori accepts that this is definitely more than what he thought of the girl. Outside, Team Guy fights their clones and complains that they aren't getting anywhere. Neji looks in the cave and reports. Sasori creates a large make shifting poisonous iron spikes and paralyzes Sakura, who suddenly gets up and punches the Kazekage puppet and smashes it into pieces. Deidara realizes that he is running low on explosives and needs to separate Kakashi and Naruto."""
"25,""""""Three Minutes Between Life and Death""""Transcription: """"Sei to Shi no Sanpunkan"""" (Japanese: 生と死の三分間)"",""August 16, 2007"",""March 3, 2010[15]"""
"As Sakura tells Sasori that she created and brought the plant antidote which can convert Sasori's poison into a harmless protein, and that they have three minutes until this antidote's effects wears out. Sasori reveals his own body as a puppet and observes that Sakura also has a good skill as a medical-nin. Sakura goes in for the attack realizing that she has only three minutes of immunity against his poison. Deidara plants small jumping spider explosives between Naruto and Kakashi. Kakashi creates a fake shadow clone and speedily runs away escaping these explosives and reunites with Naruto telling him to calm down and that he has already made a plan. Kakashi reveals that Deidara can only be confronted by a long range attacks. Sasori tells Sakura and Chiyo that he had transformed himself into a human puppet. Deidara and Kakashi prepare to battle.,""As Sakura tells Sasori that she created and brought the plant antidote which can convert Sasori's poison into a harmless protein, and that they have three minutes until this antidote's effects wears out. Sasori reveals his own body as a puppet and observes that Sakura also has a good skill as a medical-nin. Sakura goes in for the attack realizing that she has only three minutes of immunity against his poison. Deidara plants small jumping spider explosives between Naruto and Kakashi. Kakashi creates a fake shadow clone and speedily runs away escaping these explosives and reunites with Naruto telling him to calm down and that he has already made a plan. Kakashi reveals that Deidara can only be confronted by a long range attacks. Sasori tells Sakura and Chiyo that he had transformed himself into a human puppet. Deidara and Kakashi prepare to battle."",""As Sakura tells Sasori that she created and brought the plant antidote which can convert Sasori's poison into a harmless protein, and that they have three minutes until this antidote's effects wears out. Sasori reveals his own body as a puppet and observes that Sakura also has a good skill as a medical-nin. Sakura goes in for the attack realizing that she has only three minutes of immunity against his poison. Deidara plants small jumping spider explosives between Naruto and Kakashi. Kakashi creates a fake shadow clone and speedily runs away escaping these explosives and reunites with Naruto telling him to calm down and that he has already made a plan. Kakashi reveals that Deidara can only be confronted by a long range attacks. Sasori tells Sakura and Chiyo that he had transformed himself into a human puppet. Deidara and Kakashi prepare to battle."",""As Sakura tells Sasori that she created and brought the plant antidote which can convert Sasori's poison into a harmless protein, and that they have three minutes until this antidote's effects wears out. Sasori reveals his own body as a puppet and observes that Sakura also has a good skill as a medical-nin. Sakura goes in for the attack realizing that she has only three minutes of immunity against his poison. Deidara plants small jumping spider explosives between Naruto and Kakashi. Kakashi creates a fake shadow clone and speedily runs away escaping these explosives and reunites with Naruto telling him to calm down and that he has already made a plan. Kakashi reveals that Deidara can only be confronted by a long range attacks. Sasori tells Sakura and Chiyo that he had transformed himself into a human puppet. Deidara and Kakashi prepare to battle."",""As Sakura tells Sasori that she created and brought the plant antidote which can convert Sasori's poison into a harmless protein, and that they have three minutes until this antidote's effects wears out. Sasori reveals his own body as a puppet and observes that Sakura also has a good skill as a medical-nin. Sakura goes in for the attack realizing that she has only three minutes of immunity against his poison. Deidara plants small jumping spider explosives between Naruto and Kakashi. Kakashi creates a fake shadow clone and speedily runs away escaping these explosives and reunites with Naruto telling him to calm down and that he has already made a plan. Kakashi reveals that Deidara can only be confronted by a long range attacks. Sasori tells Sakura and Chiyo that he had transformed himself into a human puppet. Deidara and Kakashi prepare to battle."""
"26,""""""Puppet Fight: 10 vs. 100!""""Transcription: """"Jukki vs Hyakki"""" (Japanese: 十機vs百機)"",""August 23, 2007"",""March 10, 2010[15]"""
"Sasori keeps on attacking Sakura using fire moves, later Sakura pulls his wire and smashes him to pieces. Sasori reforms his body and unleashes a hundred elite puppets. Chiyo counterattacks using ten best puppets from her collection, the Chikamatsu. The great battle of puppets begins and they soon nullify each other. Sakura takes a dog-puppet and smashes it into Sasori, paralyzing his body, but he transfers his heart into another puppet's body and drives a poisonous blade through Sakura's side which was meant for Chiyo.,""Sasori keeps on attacking Sakura using fire moves, later Sakura pulls his wire and smashes him to pieces. Sasori reforms his body and unleashes a hundred elite puppets. Chiyo counterattacks using ten best puppets from her collection, the Chikamatsu. The great battle of puppets begins and they soon nullify each other. Sakura takes a dog-puppet and smashes it into Sasori, paralyzing his body, but he transfers his heart into another puppet's body and drives a poisonous blade through Sakura's side which was meant for Chiyo."",""Sasori keeps on attacking Sakura using fire moves, later Sakura pulls his wire and smashes him to pieces. Sasori reforms his body and unleashes a hundred elite puppets. Chiyo counterattacks using ten best puppets from her collection, the Chikamatsu. The great battle of puppets begins and they soon nullify each other. Sakura takes a dog-puppet and smashes it into Sasori, paralyzing his body, but he transfers his heart into another puppet's body and drives a poisonous blade through Sakura's side which was meant for Chiyo."",""Sasori keeps on attacking Sakura using fire moves, later Sakura pulls his wire and smashes him to pieces. Sasori reforms his body and unleashes a hundred elite puppets. Chiyo counterattacks using ten best puppets from her collection, the Chikamatsu. The great battle of puppets begins and they soon nullify each other. Sakura takes a dog-puppet and smashes it into Sasori, paralyzing his body, but he transfers his heart into another puppet's body and drives a poisonous blade through Sakura's side which was meant for Chiyo."",""Sasori keeps on attacking Sakura using fire moves, later Sakura pulls his wire and smashes him to pieces. Sasori reforms his body and unleashes a hundred elite puppets. Chiyo counterattacks using ten best puppets from her collection, the Chikamatsu. The great battle of puppets begins and they soon nullify each other. Sakura takes a dog-puppet and smashes it into Sasori, paralyzing his body, but he transfers his heart into another puppet's body and drives a poisonous blade through Sakura's side which was meant for Chiyo."""
"27,""""""Impossible Dream""""Transcription: """"Kanawanu Yume"""" (Japanese: 叶わぬ夢)"",""August 30, 2007"",""March 17, 2010[15]"""
"Chiyo injects the antidote into the injured Sakura and Sasori's parental puppets stabs him through his heart, apparently killing him. Chiyo informs Sasori that she has her own soul transfer technique (One's Own Life Reincarnation Technique) that can be used to revive a dead person in exchange for the technique user's own life. Before he dies, Sasori praises Sakura and tells her, as a reward, that he has a spy (Kabuto Yakushi) within Orochimaru's ranks, whom he was supposed to meet at the Tenchi Bridge of the Hidden Grass Village ten days later. Kakashi activates his Mangekyo Sharingan and along with Naruto sets the plan against Deidara. Sasori dies while saying that he wouldn't have hesitated killing his own grandmother as he has already killed hundreds and thousands of people.,""Chiyo injects the antidote into the injured Sakura and Sasori's parental puppets stabs him through his heart, apparently killing him. Chiyo informs Sasori that she has her own soul transfer technique (One's Own Life Reincarnation Technique) that can be used to revive a dead person in exchange for the technique user's own life. Before he dies, Sasori praises Sakura and tells her, as a reward, that he has a spy (Kabuto Yakushi) within Orochimaru's ranks, whom he was supposed to meet at the Tenchi Bridge of the Hidden Grass Village ten days later. Kakashi activates his Mangekyo Sharingan and along with Naruto sets the plan against Deidara. Sasori dies while saying that he wouldn't have hesitated killing his own grandmother as he has already killed hundreds and thousands of people."",""Chiyo injects the antidote into the injured Sakura and Sasori's parental puppets stabs him through his heart, apparently killing him. Chiyo informs Sasori that she has her own soul transfer technique (One's Own Life Reincarnation Technique) that can be used to revive a dead person in exchange for the technique user's own life. Before he dies, Sasori praises Sakura and tells her, as a reward, that he has a spy (Kabuto Yakushi) within Orochimaru's ranks, whom he was supposed to meet at the Tenchi Bridge of the Hidden Grass Village ten days later. Kakashi activates his Mangekyo Sharingan and along with Naruto sets the plan against Deidara. Sasori dies while saying that he wouldn't have hesitated killing his own grandmother as he has already killed hundreds and thousands of people."",""Chiyo injects the antidote into the injured Sakura and Sasori's parental puppets stabs him through his heart, apparently killing him. Chiyo informs Sasori that she has her own soul transfer technique (One's Own Life Reincarnation Technique) that can be used to revive a dead person in exchange for the technique user's own life. Before he dies, Sasori praises Sakura and tells her, as a reward, that he has a spy (Kabuto Yakushi) within Orochimaru's ranks, whom he was supposed to meet at the Tenchi Bridge of the Hidden Grass Village ten days later. Kakashi activates his Mangekyo Sharingan and along with Naruto sets the plan against Deidara. Sasori dies while saying that he wouldn't have hesitated killing his own grandmother as he has already killed hundreds and thousands of people."",""Chiyo injects the antidote into the injured Sakura and Sasori's parental puppets stabs him through his heart, apparently killing him. Chiyo informs Sasori that she has her own soul transfer technique (One's Own Life Reincarnation Technique) that can be used to revive a dead person in exchange for the technique user's own life. Before he dies, Sasori praises Sakura and tells her, as a reward, that he has a spy (Kabuto Yakushi) within Orochimaru's ranks, whom he was supposed to meet at the Tenchi Bridge of the Hidden Grass Village ten days later. Kakashi activates his Mangekyo Sharingan and along with Naruto sets the plan against Deidara. Sasori dies while saying that he wouldn't have hesitated killing his own grandmother as he has already killed hundreds and thousands of people."""
"28,""""""Beasts: Alive Again!""""Transcription: """"Yomigaeru Kemono-tachi"""" (Japanese: 蘇る獣たち)"",""September 13, 2007"",""March 24, 2010[15]"""
"Might Guy, Neji, Lee and Tenten continue to fight their clones. Neji uses his Byakugan and informs Team Guy that Sasori has been killed and Sakura and Chiyo are alive. Team Guy faces difficulty in defeating their opponents. Guy tells them that they have grown weaker in the battle because they are made of flesh and get exhausted after using chakra but the clones can fight as long as possible. Lee tells everybody that the key to defeat the clones is to be more powerful than they were when they released the scroll. Memorizing the training with Guy, the team innovates new moves which are unknown to their clones and successfully takes their clones out. Elsewhere, Naruto tells Kakashi that if their plans go wrong he will not give up and find another way to defeat Deidara. Sakura, realizing that Chiyo has been poisoned tells her to go back to the Hidden Sand for treatment but Chiyo refuses, instead replying that she has yet to complete the most important task.,""Might Guy, Neji, Lee and Tenten continue to fight their clones. Neji uses his Byakugan and informs Team Guy that Sasori has been killed and Sakura and Chiyo are alive. Team Guy faces difficulty in defeating their opponents. Guy tells them that they have grown weaker in the battle because they are made of flesh and get exhausted after using chakra but the clones can fight as long as possible. Lee tells everybody that the key to defeat the clones is to be more powerful than they were when they released the scroll. Memorizing the training with Guy, the team innovates new moves which are unknown to their clones and successfully takes their clones out. Elsewhere, Naruto tells Kakashi that if their plans go wrong he will not give up and find another way to defeat Deidara. Sakura, realizing that Chiyo has been poisoned tells her to go back to the Hidden Sand for treatment but Chiyo refuses, instead replying that she has yet to complete the most important task."",""Might Guy, Neji, Lee and Tenten continue to fight their clones. Neji uses his Byakugan and informs Team Guy that Sasori has been killed and Sakura and Chiyo are alive. Team Guy faces difficulty in defeating their opponents. Guy tells them that they have grown weaker in the battle because they are made of flesh and get exhausted after using chakra but the clones can fight as long as possible. Lee tells everybody that the key to defeat the clones is to be more powerful than they were when they released the scroll. Memorizing the training with Guy, the team innovates new moves which are unknown to their clones and successfully takes their clones out. Elsewhere, Naruto tells Kakashi that if their plans go wrong he will not give up and find another way to defeat Deidara. Sakura, realizing that Chiyo has been poisoned tells her to go back to the Hidden Sand for treatment but Chiyo refuses, instead replying that she has yet to complete the most important task."",""Might Guy, Neji, Lee and Tenten continue to fight their clones. Neji uses his Byakugan and informs Team Guy that Sasori has been killed and Sakura and Chiyo are alive. Team Guy faces difficulty in defeating their opponents. Guy tells them that they have grown weaker in the battle because they are made of flesh and get exhausted after using chakra but the clones can fight as long as possible. Lee tells everybody that the key to defeat the clones is to be more powerful than they were when they released the scroll. Memorizing the training with Guy, the team innovates new moves which are unknown to their clones and successfully takes their clones out. Elsewhere, Naruto tells Kakashi that if their plans go wrong he will not give up and find another way to defeat Deidara. Sakura, realizing that Chiyo has been poisoned tells her to go back to the Hidden Sand for treatment but Chiyo refuses, instead replying that she has yet to complete the most important task."",""Might Guy, Neji, Lee and Tenten continue to fight their clones. Neji uses his Byakugan and informs Team Guy that Sasori has been killed and Sakura and Chiyo are alive. Team Guy faces difficulty in defeating their opponents. Guy tells them that they have grown weaker in the battle because they are made of flesh and get exhausted after using chakra but the clones can fight as long as possible. Lee tells everybody that the key to defeat the clones is to be more powerful than they were when they released the scroll. Memorizing the training with Guy, the team innovates new moves which are unknown to their clones and successfully takes their clones out. Elsewhere, Naruto tells Kakashi that if their plans go wrong he will not give up and find another way to defeat Deidara. Sakura, realizing that Chiyo has been poisoned tells her to go back to the Hidden Sand for treatment but Chiyo refuses, instead replying that she has yet to complete the most important task."""
"29,""""""Kakashi Enlightened!""""Transcription: """"Kakashi Kaigan!"""" (Japanese: カカシ開眼!)"",""September 27, 2007"",""March 31, 2010[15]"""
"Kakashi destroys Deidara's arm with Mangekyo Sharingan: Kamui. After Naruto beheads the clay bird with his Rasengan, he sees the dead and lifeless body of Gaara. This causes Naruto to angrily attack Deidara and accidentally uses his Nine-Tails chakra, causing him to transform into the beast with two tails.,""Kakashi destroys Deidara's arm with Mangekyo Sharingan: Kamui. After Naruto beheads the clay bird with his Rasengan, he sees the dead and lifeless body of Gaara. This causes Naruto to angrily attack Deidara and accidentally uses his Nine-Tails chakra, causing him to transform into the beast with two tails."",""Kakashi destroys Deidara's arm with Mangekyo Sharingan: Kamui. After Naruto beheads the clay bird with his Rasengan, he sees the dead and lifeless body of Gaara. This causes Naruto to angrily attack Deidara and accidentally uses his Nine-Tails chakra, causing him to transform into the beast with two tails."",""Kakashi destroys Deidara's arm with Mangekyo Sharingan: Kamui. After Naruto beheads the clay bird with his Rasengan, he sees the dead and lifeless body of Gaara. This causes Naruto to angrily attack Deidara and accidentally uses his Nine-Tails chakra, causing him to transform into the beast with two tails."",""Kakashi destroys Deidara's arm with Mangekyo Sharingan: Kamui. After Naruto beheads the clay bird with his Rasengan, he sees the dead and lifeless body of Gaara. This causes Naruto to angrily attack Deidara and accidentally uses his Nine-Tails chakra, causing him to transform into the beast with two tails."""
"30,""""""Aesthetics of an Instant""""Transcription: """"Shunkan no Bigaku"""" (Japanese: 瞬間の美学)"",""September 27, 2007"",""April 7, 2010[15]"""
"Kakashi suppresses the Nine-Tails chakra inside Naruto with the tag that Jiraiya gave him. Team Guy attacks Deidara who apparently self-detonates by ingesting his own clay. Kakashi counters with Kamui and teleports himself and the others to safety. Naruto and friends seemingly mourns for Gaara. However, Chiyo uses her One's Own Life Reincarnation Technique on Gaara.,""Kakashi suppresses the Nine-Tails chakra inside Naruto with the tag that Jiraiya gave him. Team Guy attacks Deidara who apparently self-detonates by ingesting his own clay. Kakashi counters with Kamui and teleports himself and the others to safety. Naruto and friends seemingly mourns for Gaara. However, Chiyo uses her One's Own Life Reincarnation Technique on Gaara."",""Kakashi suppresses the Nine-Tails chakra inside Naruto with the tag that Jiraiya gave him. Team Guy attacks Deidara who apparently self-detonates by ingesting his own clay. Kakashi counters with Kamui and teleports himself and the others to safety. Naruto and friends seemingly mourns for Gaara. However, Chiyo uses her One's Own Life Reincarnation Technique on Gaara."",""Kakashi suppresses the Nine-Tails chakra inside Naruto with the tag that Jiraiya gave him. Team Guy attacks Deidara who apparently self-detonates by ingesting his own clay. Kakashi counters with Kamui and teleports himself and the others to safety. Naruto and friends seemingly mourns for Gaara. However, Chiyo uses her One's Own Life Reincarnation Technique on Gaara."",""Kakashi suppresses the Nine-Tails chakra inside Naruto with the tag that Jiraiya gave him. Team Guy attacks Deidara who apparently self-detonates by ingesting his own clay. Kakashi counters with Kamui and teleports himself and the others to safety. Naruto and friends seemingly mourns for Gaara. However, Chiyo uses her One's Own Life Reincarnation Technique on Gaara."""
"31,""""""The Legacy""""Transcription: """"Tsugareyukumono"""" (Japanese: 継がれゆくもの)"",""October 18, 2007"",""April 14, 2010[15]"""
"Just before Chiyo dies, she tells Naruto that the Hidden Leaf's and the Hidden Sand's villagers learns from the past and the wisdom of future. A revived Gaara awakens and sees all of the surrounding ninjas rejoicing his revival. Kankuro tells Naruto that Chiyo died saving Gaara and the Hidden Sand villagers mourn for Chiyo.,""Just before Chiyo dies, she tells Naruto that the Hidden Leaf's and the Hidden Sand's villagers learns from the past and the wisdom of future. A revived Gaara awakens and sees all of the surrounding ninjas rejoicing his revival. Kankuro tells Naruto that Chiyo died saving Gaara and the Hidden Sand villagers mourn for Chiyo."",""Just before Chiyo dies, she tells Naruto that the Hidden Leaf's and the Hidden Sand's villagers learns from the past and the wisdom of future. A revived Gaara awakens and sees all of the surrounding ninjas rejoicing his revival. Kankuro tells Naruto that Chiyo died saving Gaara and the Hidden Sand villagers mourn for Chiyo."",""Just before Chiyo dies, she tells Naruto that the Hidden Leaf's and the Hidden Sand's villagers learns from the past and the wisdom of future. A revived Gaara awakens and sees all of the surrounding ninjas rejoicing his revival. Kankuro tells Naruto that Chiyo died saving Gaara and the Hidden Sand villagers mourn for Chiyo."",""Just before Chiyo dies, she tells Naruto that the Hidden Leaf's and the Hidden Sand's villagers learns from the past and the wisdom of future. A revived Gaara awakens and sees all of the surrounding ninjas rejoicing his revival. Kankuro tells Naruto that Chiyo died saving Gaara and the Hidden Sand villagers mourn for Chiyo."""
"32,""""""Return of the Kazekage""""Transcription: """"Kazekage no Kikan"""" (Japanese: 風影の帰還)"",""October 25, 2007"",""April 21, 2010[15]"""
"The real Deidara survives to recover his arm and meets with Zetsu and the masked Tobi who keeps Sasori's ring and joins the Akatsuki. Meanwhile, as the Hidden Sand's villagers pay their final respects to Chiyo, Team Kakashi and Team Guy return home to the Hidden Leaf, where an elderly ninja asks Sai to join up with Team Kakashi.,""The real Deidara survives to recover his arm and meets with Zetsu and the masked Tobi who keeps Sasori's ring and joins the Akatsuki. Meanwhile, as the Hidden Sand's villagers pay their final respects to Chiyo, Team Kakashi and Team Guy return home to the Hidden Leaf, where an elderly ninja asks Sai to join up with Team Kakashi."",""The real Deidara survives to recover his arm and meets with Zetsu and the masked Tobi who keeps Sasori's ring and joins the Akatsuki. Meanwhile, as the Hidden Sand's villagers pay their final respects to Chiyo, Team Kakashi and Team Guy return home to the Hidden Leaf, where an elderly ninja asks Sai to join up with Team Kakashi."",""The real Deidara survives to recover his arm and meets with Zetsu and the masked Tobi who keeps Sasori's ring and joins the Akatsuki. Meanwhile, as the Hidden Sand's villagers pay their final respects to Chiyo, Team Kakashi and Team Guy return home to the Hidden Leaf, where an elderly ninja asks Sai to join up with Team Kakashi."",""The real Deidara survives to recover his arm and meets with Zetsu and the masked Tobi who keeps Sasori's ring and joins the Akatsuki. Meanwhile, as the Hidden Sand's villagers pay their final respects to Chiyo, Team Kakashi and Team Guy return home to the Hidden Leaf, where an elderly ninja asks Sai to join up with Team Kakashi."""
"33,""""""The New Target""""Transcription: """"Aratanaru tāgetto"""" (Japanese: 新たなる目標)"",""November 8, 2007"",""April 28, 2010[15]"""
"In Konoha, Kakashi Hatake rests in a hospital, while Sakura Haruno tells Tsunade that the deceased Akatsuki member Sasori told her that he was supposed to meet a spy within Orochimaru's ranks at the Tenchi Bridge in ten days' time. As four days had already passed, Naruto Uzumaki realizes the need of another teammate and so, starting searching Konoha for a willing recruit. He runs into Team 8, but they are unable to help, as they are assigned a mission of their own. Later, just as Choji agrees to help Naruto, the two and Shikamaru are attacked by Sai.,""In Konoha, Kakashi Hatake rests in a hospital, while Sakura Haruno tells Tsunade that the deceased Akatsuki member Sasori told her that he was supposed to meet a spy within Orochimaru's ranks at the Tenchi Bridge in ten days' time. As four days had already passed, Naruto Uzumaki realizes the need of another teammate and so, starting searching Konoha for a willing recruit. He runs into Team 8, but they are unable to help, as they are assigned a mission of their own. Later, just as Choji agrees to help Naruto, the two and Shikamaru are attacked by Sai."",""In Konoha, Kakashi Hatake rests in a hospital, while Sakura Haruno tells Tsunade that the deceased Akatsuki member Sasori told her that he was supposed to meet a spy within Orochimaru's ranks at the Tenchi Bridge in ten days' time. As four days had already passed, Naruto Uzumaki realizes the need of another teammate and so, starting searching Konoha for a willing recruit. He runs into Team 8, but they are unable to help, as they are assigned a mission of their own. Later, just as Choji agrees to help Naruto, the two and Shikamaru are attacked by Sai."",""In Konoha, Kakashi Hatake rests in a hospital, while Sakura Haruno tells Tsunade that the deceased Akatsuki member Sasori told her that he was supposed to meet a spy within Orochimaru's ranks at the Tenchi Bridge in ten days' time. As four days had already passed, Naruto Uzumaki realizes the need of another teammate and so, starting searching Konoha for a willing recruit. He runs into Team 8, but they are unable to help, as they are assigned a mission of their own. Later, just as Choji agrees to help Naruto, the two and Shikamaru are attacked by Sai."",""In Konoha, Kakashi Hatake rests in a hospital, while Sakura Haruno tells Tsunade that the deceased Akatsuki member Sasori told her that he was supposed to meet a spy within Orochimaru's ranks at the Tenchi Bridge in ten days' time. As four days had already passed, Naruto Uzumaki realizes the need of another teammate and so, starting searching Konoha for a willing recruit. He runs into Team 8, but they are unable to help, as they are assigned a mission of their own. Later, just as Choji agrees to help Naruto, the two and Shikamaru are attacked by Sai."""
"34,""""""Formation! New Team Kakashi!""""Transcription: """"Kessei! Shin Kakashi han"""" (Japanese: 結成!新カカシ班)"",""November 15, 2007"",""May 5, 2010[15]"""
"Unable to identify Sai, Naruto, Choji and Shikamaru attempt to capture him, but Sai withdraws. Concerned that Akatsuki might soon come to Konoha looking for the Nine-Tailed Fox, the village elders confront Tsunade. They propose to Tsunade to keep Naruto in Konoha and not send him to missions outside the village. Tsunade declines, and promises to protect Konoha with her own life if Naruto is captured. But she is still forced to compromise with the Foundation's leader Danzo Shimura in having Sai made a member to Team Kakashi. With Kakashi in the hospital, Tsunade temporarily replaces him with ANBU member. Code-named Yamato, the ANBU operative is given the task to keep an eye on Sai. Later, Naruto and Sakura meet their new team members, and Naruto is immediately angered upon Sai's appearance.,""Unable to identify Sai, Naruto, Choji and Shikamaru attempt to capture him, but Sai withdraws. Concerned that Akatsuki might soon come to Konoha looking for the Nine-Tailed Fox, the village elders confront Tsunade. They propose to Tsunade to keep Naruto in Konoha and not send him to missions outside the village. Tsunade declines, and promises to protect Konoha with her own life if Naruto is captured. But she is still forced to compromise with the Foundation's leader Danzo Shimura in having Sai made a member to Team Kakashi. With Kakashi in the hospital, Tsunade temporarily replaces him with ANBU member. Code-named Yamato, the ANBU operative is given the task to keep an eye on Sai. Later, Naruto and Sakura meet their new team members, and Naruto is immediately angered upon Sai's appearance."",""Unable to identify Sai, Naruto, Choji and Shikamaru attempt to capture him, but Sai withdraws. Concerned that Akatsuki might soon come to Konoha looking for the Nine-Tailed Fox, the village elders confront Tsunade. They propose to Tsunade to keep Naruto in Konoha and not send him to missions outside the village. Tsunade declines, and promises to protect Konoha with her own life if Naruto is captured. But she is still forced to compromise with the Foundation's leader Danzo Shimura in having Sai made a member to Team Kakashi. With Kakashi in the hospital, Tsunade temporarily replaces him with ANBU member. Code-named Yamato, the ANBU operative is given the task to keep an eye on Sai. Later, Naruto and Sakura meet their new team members, and Naruto is immediately angered upon Sai's appearance."",""Unable to identify Sai, Naruto, Choji and Shikamaru attempt to capture him, but Sai withdraws. Concerned that Akatsuki might soon come to Konoha looking for the Nine-Tailed Fox, the village elders confront Tsunade. They propose to Tsunade to keep Naruto in Konoha and not send him to missions outside the village. Tsunade declines, and promises to protect Konoha with her own life if Naruto is captured. But she is still forced to compromise with the Foundation's leader Danzo Shimura in having Sai made a member to Team Kakashi. With Kakashi in the hospital, Tsunade temporarily replaces him with ANBU member. Code-named Yamato, the ANBU operative is given the task to keep an eye on Sai. Later, Naruto and Sakura meet their new team members, and Naruto is immediately angered upon Sai's appearance."",""Unable to identify Sai, Naruto, Choji and Shikamaru attempt to capture him, but Sai withdraws. Concerned that Akatsuki might soon come to Konoha looking for the Nine-Tailed Fox, the village elders confront Tsunade. They propose to Tsunade to keep Naruto in Konoha and not send him to missions outside the village. Tsunade declines, and promises to protect Konoha with her own life if Naruto is captured. But she is still forced to compromise with the Foundation's leader Danzo Shimura in having Sai made a member to Team Kakashi. With Kakashi in the hospital, Tsunade temporarily replaces him with ANBU member. Code-named Yamato, the ANBU operative is given the task to keep an eye on Sai. Later, Naruto and Sakura meet their new team members, and Naruto is immediately angered upon Sai's appearance."""
"35,""""""An Unnecessary Addition""""Transcription: """"Gadatensoku"""" (Japanese: 画蛇添足)"",""November 22, 2007"",""May 12, 2010[15]"""
"Yamato takes leadership of Team Kakashi, while Sai, devoid of any human feelings or emotions, insults both Naruto and Sakura. While preparing to set off, Sai receives an envelope from an ANBU Root shinobi containing secret orders from Danzo. Jiraiya then meets with Tsunade and Yamato in Kakashi's hospital room to brief Yamato on the Nine-Tailed Fox sealed within Naruto, detailing the ""demon fox's cloak"", and revealing a huge scar on his chest he got from Naruto when the boy lost control after he ascended to a Four-Tailed form. Finally, the new Team Kakashi sets off on their new mission to capture and intercept the spy in Orochimaru's subordinates, and gather information about Sasuke Uchiha.,""Yamato takes leadership of Team Kakashi, while Sai, devoid of any human feelings or emotions, insults both Naruto and Sakura. While preparing to set off, Sai receives an envelope from an ANBU Root shinobi containing secret orders from Danzo. Jiraiya then meets with Tsunade and Yamato in Kakashi's hospital room to brief Yamato on the Nine-Tailed Fox sealed within Naruto, detailing the """"demon fox's cloak"""", and revealing a huge scar on his chest he got from Naruto when the boy lost control after he ascended to a Four-Tailed form. Finally, the new Team Kakashi sets off on their new mission to capture and intercept the spy in Orochimaru's subordinates, and gather information about Sasuke Uchiha."",""Yamato takes leadership of Team Kakashi, while Sai, devoid of any human feelings or emotions, insults both Naruto and Sakura. While preparing to set off, Sai receives an envelope from an ANBU Root shinobi containing secret orders from Danzo. Jiraiya then meets with Tsunade and Yamato in Kakashi's hospital room to brief Yamato on the Nine-Tailed Fox sealed within Naruto, detailing the """"demon fox's cloak"""", and revealing a huge scar on his chest he got from Naruto when the boy lost control after he ascended to a Four-Tailed form. Finally, the new Team Kakashi sets off on their new mission to capture and intercept the spy in Orochimaru's subordinates, and gather information about Sasuke Uchiha."",""Yamato takes leadership of Team Kakashi, while Sai, devoid of any human feelings or emotions, insults both Naruto and Sakura. While preparing to set off, Sai receives an envelope from an ANBU Root shinobi containing secret orders from Danzo. Jiraiya then meets with Tsunade and Yamato in Kakashi's hospital room to brief Yamato on the Nine-Tailed Fox sealed within Naruto, detailing the """"demon fox's cloak"""", and revealing a huge scar on his chest he got from Naruto when the boy lost control after he ascended to a Four-Tailed form. Finally, the new Team Kakashi sets off on their new mission to capture and intercept the spy in Orochimaru's subordinates, and gather information about Sasuke Uchiha."",""Yamato takes leadership of Team Kakashi, while Sai, devoid of any human feelings or emotions, insults both Naruto and Sakura. While preparing to set off, Sai receives an envelope from an ANBU Root shinobi containing secret orders from Danzo. Jiraiya then meets with Tsunade and Yamato in Kakashi's hospital room to brief Yamato on the Nine-Tailed Fox sealed within Naruto, detailing the """"demon fox's cloak"""", and revealing a huge scar on his chest he got from Naruto when the boy lost control after he ascended to a Four-Tailed form. Finally, the new Team Kakashi sets off on their new mission to capture and intercept the spy in Orochimaru's subordinates, and gather information about Sasuke Uchiha."""
"36,""""""The Fake Smile""""Transcription: """"Itsuwari no egao"""" (Japanese: 偽りの笑顔)"",""November 29, 2007"",""May 19, 2010[15]"""
"Team Kakashi heads out for the Tenchi Bridge. Sakura and Naruto come down hard at Sai for making fun of their former teammate, Sasuke. Seeing the tension in the team, Yamato decides they need to improve on teamwork and uses the Wood Style Jutsu to create a wooden cage, threatening to lock the trio up unless they behave. Sakura is shocked to see Yamato using the secret techniques that only the First Hokage was said to possess. Given an ultimatum between being locked up or spending the night at a hot springs by Yamato, the team chooses to visit the springs to improve team cohesion. Despite this fact, Naruto still despises Sai.,""Team Kakashi heads out for the Tenchi Bridge. Sakura and Naruto come down hard at Sai for making fun of their former teammate, Sasuke. Seeing the tension in the team, Yamato decides they need to improve on teamwork and uses the Wood Style Jutsu to create a wooden cage, threatening to lock the trio up unless they behave. Sakura is shocked to see Yamato using the secret techniques that only the First Hokage was said to possess. Given an ultimatum between being locked up or spending the night at a hot springs by Yamato, the team chooses to visit the springs to improve team cohesion. Despite this fact, Naruto still despises Sai."",""Team Kakashi heads out for the Tenchi Bridge. Sakura and Naruto come down hard at Sai for making fun of their former teammate, Sasuke. Seeing the tension in the team, Yamato decides they need to improve on teamwork and uses the Wood Style Jutsu to create a wooden cage, threatening to lock the trio up unless they behave. Sakura is shocked to see Yamato using the secret techniques that only the First Hokage was said to possess. Given an ultimatum between being locked up or spending the night at a hot springs by Yamato, the team chooses to visit the springs to improve team cohesion. Despite this fact, Naruto still despises Sai."",""Team Kakashi heads out for the Tenchi Bridge. Sakura and Naruto come down hard at Sai for making fun of their former teammate, Sasuke. Seeing the tension in the team, Yamato decides they need to improve on teamwork and uses the Wood Style Jutsu to create a wooden cage, threatening to lock the trio up unless they behave. Sakura is shocked to see Yamato using the secret techniques that only the First Hokage was said to possess. Given an ultimatum between being locked up or spending the night at a hot springs by Yamato, the team chooses to visit the springs to improve team cohesion. Despite this fact, Naruto still despises Sai."",""Team Kakashi heads out for the Tenchi Bridge. Sakura and Naruto come down hard at Sai for making fun of their former teammate, Sasuke. Seeing the tension in the team, Yamato decides they need to improve on teamwork and uses the Wood Style Jutsu to create a wooden cage, threatening to lock the trio up unless they behave. Sakura is shocked to see Yamato using the secret techniques that only the First Hokage was said to possess. Given an ultimatum between being locked up or spending the night at a hot springs by Yamato, the team chooses to visit the springs to improve team cohesion. Despite this fact, Naruto still despises Sai."""
"37,""""""Untitled""""Transcription: """"Mudai"""" (Japanese: 無題)"",""November 29, 2007"",""May 26, 2010[15]"""
"Sakura sees Sai drawing by a river and finds out that he has artistic talent, but has never given titles to anything he ever drew. Naruto and Sakura begin to realize the reason behind Sai's repulsive personality. After the hot springs, the team heads off to the Tenchi Bridge to meet with Sasori's spy. Yamato, being suspicious of traps, suggests to the team to alter their route and go through a forest. Camping for the night, Yamato then creates a two story house by again using his Wood Style Jutsu. Inside the house, the team formulates their plan of capturing the spy.,""Sakura sees Sai drawing by a river and finds out that he has artistic talent, but has never given titles to anything he ever drew. Naruto and Sakura begin to realize the reason behind Sai's repulsive personality. After the hot springs, the team heads off to the Tenchi Bridge to meet with Sasori's spy. Yamato, being suspicious of traps, suggests to the team to alter their route and go through a forest. Camping for the night, Yamato then creates a two story house by again using his Wood Style Jutsu. Inside the house, the team formulates their plan of capturing the spy."",""Sakura sees Sai drawing by a river and finds out that he has artistic talent, but has never given titles to anything he ever drew. Naruto and Sakura begin to realize the reason behind Sai's repulsive personality. After the hot springs, the team heads off to the Tenchi Bridge to meet with Sasori's spy. Yamato, being suspicious of traps, suggests to the team to alter their route and go through a forest. Camping for the night, Yamato then creates a two story house by again using his Wood Style Jutsu. Inside the house, the team formulates their plan of capturing the spy."",""Sakura sees Sai drawing by a river and finds out that he has artistic talent, but has never given titles to anything he ever drew. Naruto and Sakura begin to realize the reason behind Sai's repulsive personality. After the hot springs, the team heads off to the Tenchi Bridge to meet with Sasori's spy. Yamato, being suspicious of traps, suggests to the team to alter their route and go through a forest. Camping for the night, Yamato then creates a two story house by again using his Wood Style Jutsu. Inside the house, the team formulates their plan of capturing the spy."",""Sakura sees Sai drawing by a river and finds out that he has artistic talent, but has never given titles to anything he ever drew. Naruto and Sakura begin to realize the reason behind Sai's repulsive personality. After the hot springs, the team heads off to the Tenchi Bridge to meet with Sasori's spy. Yamato, being suspicious of traps, suggests to the team to alter their route and go through a forest. Camping for the night, Yamato then creates a two story house by again using his Wood Style Jutsu. Inside the house, the team formulates their plan of capturing the spy."""
"38,""""""Simulation""""Transcription: """"Shimyurēshon"""" (Japanese: 模擬戦闘訓練)"",""December 6, 2007"",""June 2, 2010[15]"""
"Yamato decides to have a mock test for his team to see how everyone coordinates with each other. Naruto is paired with Sai despite his objections, and Sakura is assigned to support Yamato. Yamato conducts a simulation of the meeting, with himself as ""the spy"", to gauge Naruto and Sai's abilities and teamwork. After Naruto makes a mistake, Sai immobilizes him and goes off alone. Naruto is angered with Sai for not acting as a comrade would, but resolves to work together with him to get Sasuke back. Sai then reveals to Sakura that he has no emotions, and little understanding of them, as a part of his training in ANBU Root.,""Yamato decides to have a mock test for his team to see how everyone coordinates with each other. Naruto is paired with Sai despite his objections, and Sakura is assigned to support Yamato. Yamato conducts a simulation of the meeting, with himself as """"the spy"""", to gauge Naruto and Sai's abilities and teamwork. After Naruto makes a mistake, Sai immobilizes him and goes off alone. Naruto is angered with Sai for not acting as a comrade would, but resolves to work together with him to get Sasuke back. Sai then reveals to Sakura that he has no emotions, and little understanding of them, as a part of his training in ANBU Root."",""Yamato decides to have a mock test for his team to see how everyone coordinates with each other. Naruto is paired with Sai despite his objections, and Sakura is assigned to support Yamato. Yamato conducts a simulation of the meeting, with himself as """"the spy"""", to gauge Naruto and Sai's abilities and teamwork. After Naruto makes a mistake, Sai immobilizes him and goes off alone. Naruto is angered with Sai for not acting as a comrade would, but resolves to work together with him to get Sasuke back. Sai then reveals to Sakura that he has no emotions, and little understanding of them, as a part of his training in ANBU Root."",""Yamato decides to have a mock test for his team to see how everyone coordinates with each other. Naruto is paired with Sai despite his objections, and Sakura is assigned to support Yamato. Yamato conducts a simulation of the meeting, with himself as """"the spy"""", to gauge Naruto and Sai's abilities and teamwork. After Naruto makes a mistake, Sai immobilizes him and goes off alone. Naruto is angered with Sai for not acting as a comrade would, but resolves to work together with him to get Sasuke back. Sai then reveals to Sakura that he has no emotions, and little understanding of them, as a part of his training in ANBU Root."",""Yamato decides to have a mock test for his team to see how everyone coordinates with each other. Naruto is paired with Sai despite his objections, and Sakura is assigned to support Yamato. Yamato conducts a simulation of the meeting, with himself as """"the spy"""", to gauge Naruto and Sai's abilities and teamwork. After Naruto makes a mistake, Sai immobilizes him and goes off alone. Naruto is angered with Sai for not acting as a comrade would, but resolves to work together with him to get Sasuke back. Sai then reveals to Sakura that he has no emotions, and little understanding of them, as a part of his training in ANBU Root."""
"39,""""""The Tenchi Bridge""""Transcription: """"Tenchikyō"""" (Japanese: 天地橋)"",""December 13, 2007"",""June 16, 2010[15]"""
"Yamato disguises himself as Sasori within Hiruko, and goes to meet ""the spy"" at the Tenchi Bridge. The spy is revealed to be Kabuto, who spills out the location of Orochimaru's current hideout. Before the meeting could finish, Orochimaru appears and interrupts the two. While Kabuto initially seems frightened by Orochimaru's appearance, it turned out to be a ruse as he attacks the disguised Yamato. After telling Kabuto that the figure is not Sasori, Orochimaru recognizes Yamato as one of the test subjects in his experiments to replicate Hashirama's power through blood transfusion of the First Hokage's DNA. Orochimaru also knows that Yamato is not alone as he tells him to call out Naruto, Sakura and Sai from their hiding places.,""Yamato disguises himself as Sasori within Hiruko, and goes to meet """"the spy"""" at the Tenchi Bridge. The spy is revealed to be Kabuto, who spills out the location of Orochimaru's current hideout. Before the meeting could finish, Orochimaru appears and interrupts the two. While Kabuto initially seems frightened by Orochimaru's appearance, it turned out to be a ruse as he attacks the disguised Yamato. After telling Kabuto that the figure is not Sasori, Orochimaru recognizes Yamato as one of the test subjects in his experiments to replicate Hashirama's power through blood transfusion of the First Hokage's DNA. Orochimaru also knows that Yamato is not alone as he tells him to call out Naruto, Sakura and Sai from their hiding places."",""Yamato disguises himself as Sasori within Hiruko, and goes to meet """"the spy"""" at the Tenchi Bridge. The spy is revealed to be Kabuto, who spills out the location of Orochimaru's current hideout. Before the meeting could finish, Orochimaru appears and interrupts the two. While Kabuto initially seems frightened by Orochimaru's appearance, it turned out to be a ruse as he attacks the disguised Yamato. After telling Kabuto that the figure is not Sasori, Orochimaru recognizes Yamato as one of the test subjects in his experiments to replicate Hashirama's power through blood transfusion of the First Hokage's DNA. Orochimaru also knows that Yamato is not alone as he tells him to call out Naruto, Sakura and Sai from their hiding places."",""Yamato disguises himself as Sasori within Hiruko, and goes to meet """"the spy"""" at the Tenchi Bridge. The spy is revealed to be Kabuto, who spills out the location of Orochimaru's current hideout. Before the meeting could finish, Orochimaru appears and interrupts the two. While Kabuto initially seems frightened by Orochimaru's appearance, it turned out to be a ruse as he attacks the disguised Yamato. After telling Kabuto that the figure is not Sasori, Orochimaru recognizes Yamato as one of the test subjects in his experiments to replicate Hashirama's power through blood transfusion of the First Hokage's DNA. Orochimaru also knows that Yamato is not alone as he tells him to call out Naruto, Sakura and Sai from their hiding places."",""Yamato disguises himself as Sasori within Hiruko, and goes to meet """"the spy"""" at the Tenchi Bridge. The spy is revealed to be Kabuto, who spills out the location of Orochimaru's current hideout. Before the meeting could finish, Orochimaru appears and interrupts the two. While Kabuto initially seems frightened by Orochimaru's appearance, it turned out to be a ruse as he attacks the disguised Yamato. After telling Kabuto that the figure is not Sasori, Orochimaru recognizes Yamato as one of the test subjects in his experiments to replicate Hashirama's power through blood transfusion of the First Hokage's DNA. Orochimaru also knows that Yamato is not alone as he tells him to call out Naruto, Sakura and Sai from their hiding places."""
"40,""""""The Nine-Tails Unleashed""""Transcription: """"Kyūbi kaihō!!"""" (Japanese: 九尾解放!!)"",""December 20, 2007"",""June 23, 2010[15]"""
"Yamato signals Naruto, Sakura and Sai to appear on the bridge. On seeing Naruto, Orochimaru begins mocking him and compares him to Sasuke, which causes the Nine-Tails's chakra to leak from an enraged Naruto's body and ascends him to a Three-Tailed form. Meanwhile, Yamato remembers Jiraiya speaking of the appearance of number of tails on Naruto during their training, and had specifically warned of Naruto's Four-Tailed transformation.,""Yamato signals Naruto, Sakura and Sai to appear on the bridge. On seeing Naruto, Orochimaru begins mocking him and compares him to Sasuke, which causes the Nine-Tails's chakra to leak from an enraged Naruto's body and ascends him to a Three-Tailed form. Meanwhile, Yamato remembers Jiraiya speaking of the appearance of number of tails on Naruto during their training, and had specifically warned of Naruto's Four-Tailed transformation."",""Yamato signals Naruto, Sakura and Sai to appear on the bridge. On seeing Naruto, Orochimaru begins mocking him and compares him to Sasuke, which causes the Nine-Tails's chakra to leak from an enraged Naruto's body and ascends him to a Three-Tailed form. Meanwhile, Yamato remembers Jiraiya speaking of the appearance of number of tails on Naruto during their training, and had specifically warned of Naruto's Four-Tailed transformation."",""Yamato signals Naruto, Sakura and Sai to appear on the bridge. On seeing Naruto, Orochimaru begins mocking him and compares him to Sasuke, which causes the Nine-Tails's chakra to leak from an enraged Naruto's body and ascends him to a Three-Tailed form. Meanwhile, Yamato remembers Jiraiya speaking of the appearance of number of tails on Naruto during their training, and had specifically warned of Naruto's Four-Tailed transformation."",""Yamato signals Naruto, Sakura and Sai to appear on the bridge. On seeing Naruto, Orochimaru begins mocking him and compares him to Sasuke, which causes the Nine-Tails's chakra to leak from an enraged Naruto's body and ascends him to a Three-Tailed form. Meanwhile, Yamato remembers Jiraiya speaking of the appearance of number of tails on Naruto during their training, and had specifically warned of Naruto's Four-Tailed transformation."""
"41,""""""The Top-Secret Mission Begins""""Transcription: """"Gokuhi ninmu sutāto"""" (Japanese: 極秘任務スタート)"",""December 20, 2007"",""June 30, 2010[15]"""
"Naruto gets more enraged in his three-tailed state, and throws Kabuto away, who inadvertedly knocks Sakura out too. Naruto's anger eventually escalates to him destroying the Tenchi Bridge and he takes to a forest to battle Orochimaru. Sai creates an ink bird and flies beneath the collapsing bridge to the site of Naruto and Orochimaru's battle, instead of catching a falling Sakura. Yamato saves her using his Wood Style Jutsu, and creates a wood clone to follow Sai. In the forest, Naruto's ever-increasing aggression causes his blood to mix with the Nine-Tails's chakra as his chakra cloak envelops him in the form of a four-tailed miniature fox.,""Naruto gets more enraged in his three-tailed state, and throws Kabuto away, who inadvertedly knocks Sakura out too. Naruto's anger eventually escalates to him destroying the Tenchi Bridge and he takes to a forest to battle Orochimaru. Sai creates an ink bird and flies beneath the collapsing bridge to the site of Naruto and Orochimaru's battle, instead of catching a falling Sakura. Yamato saves her using his Wood Style Jutsu, and creates a wood clone to follow Sai. In the forest, Naruto's ever-increasing aggression causes his blood to mix with the Nine-Tails's chakra as his chakra cloak envelops him in the form of a four-tailed miniature fox."",""Naruto gets more enraged in his three-tailed state, and throws Kabuto away, who inadvertedly knocks Sakura out too. Naruto's anger eventually escalates to him destroying the Tenchi Bridge and he takes to a forest to battle Orochimaru. Sai creates an ink bird and flies beneath the collapsing bridge to the site of Naruto and Orochimaru's battle, instead of catching a falling Sakura. Yamato saves her using his Wood Style Jutsu, and creates a wood clone to follow Sai. In the forest, Naruto's ever-increasing aggression causes his blood to mix with the Nine-Tails's chakra as his chakra cloak envelops him in the form of a four-tailed miniature fox."",""Naruto gets more enraged in his three-tailed state, and throws Kabuto away, who inadvertedly knocks Sakura out too. Naruto's anger eventually escalates to him destroying the Tenchi Bridge and he takes to a forest to battle Orochimaru. Sai creates an ink bird and flies beneath the collapsing bridge to the site of Naruto and Orochimaru's battle, instead of catching a falling Sakura. Yamato saves her using his Wood Style Jutsu, and creates a wood clone to follow Sai. In the forest, Naruto's ever-increasing aggression causes his blood to mix with the Nine-Tails's chakra as his chakra cloak envelops him in the form of a four-tailed miniature fox."",""Naruto gets more enraged in his three-tailed state, and throws Kabuto away, who inadvertedly knocks Sakura out too. Naruto's anger eventually escalates to him destroying the Tenchi Bridge and he takes to a forest to battle Orochimaru. Sai creates an ink bird and flies beneath the collapsing bridge to the site of Naruto and Orochimaru's battle, instead of catching a falling Sakura. Yamato saves her using his Wood Style Jutsu, and creates a wood clone to follow Sai. In the forest, Naruto's ever-increasing aggression causes his blood to mix with the Nine-Tails's chakra as his chakra cloak envelops him in the form of a four-tailed miniature fox."""
"42,""""""Orochimaru vs. Jinchuriki""""Transcription: """"Orochimaru tai Jinchūriki"""" (Japanese: 大蛇丸VS人柱力)"",""January 10, 2008"",""July 7, 2010[15]"""
"Naruto, in his Four-Tailed form, attacks Orochimaru, and devastates the surrounding landscape, also preventing Sai and Yamato's wood clone from approaching him. The majority of Orochimaru's attacks prove to be ineffective against Naruto, but he still manages to keep up with Naruto with his Regeneration Jutsu. Meanwhile, Kabuto advances toward Sakura and Yamato, deducing that Sasori has died. Orochimaru finally manages to strike Naruto with his Kusanagi Sword, even though he fails to pierce the sword through him. Seeing Naruto in his Four-Tailed state, Sakura is awestruck and terrified.,""Naruto, in his Four-Tailed form, attacks Orochimaru, and devastates the surrounding landscape, also preventing Sai and Yamato's wood clone from approaching him. The majority of Orochimaru's attacks prove to be ineffective against Naruto, but he still manages to keep up with Naruto with his Regeneration Jutsu. Meanwhile, Kabuto advances toward Sakura and Yamato, deducing that Sasori has died. Orochimaru finally manages to strike Naruto with his Kusanagi Sword, even though he fails to pierce the sword through him. Seeing Naruto in his Four-Tailed state, Sakura is awestruck and terrified."",""Naruto, in his Four-Tailed form, attacks Orochimaru, and devastates the surrounding landscape, also preventing Sai and Yamato's wood clone from approaching him. The majority of Orochimaru's attacks prove to be ineffective against Naruto, but he still manages to keep up with Naruto with his Regeneration Jutsu. Meanwhile, Kabuto advances toward Sakura and Yamato, deducing that Sasori has died. Orochimaru finally manages to strike Naruto with his Kusanagi Sword, even though he fails to pierce the sword through him. Seeing Naruto in his Four-Tailed state, Sakura is awestruck and terrified."",""Naruto, in his Four-Tailed form, attacks Orochimaru, and devastates the surrounding landscape, also preventing Sai and Yamato's wood clone from approaching him. The majority of Orochimaru's attacks prove to be ineffective against Naruto, but he still manages to keep up with Naruto with his Regeneration Jutsu. Meanwhile, Kabuto advances toward Sakura and Yamato, deducing that Sasori has died. Orochimaru finally manages to strike Naruto with his Kusanagi Sword, even though he fails to pierce the sword through him. Seeing Naruto in his Four-Tailed state, Sakura is awestruck and terrified."",""Naruto, in his Four-Tailed form, attacks Orochimaru, and devastates the surrounding landscape, also preventing Sai and Yamato's wood clone from approaching him. The majority of Orochimaru's attacks prove to be ineffective against Naruto, but he still manages to keep up with Naruto with his Regeneration Jutsu. Meanwhile, Kabuto advances toward Sakura and Yamato, deducing that Sasori has died. Orochimaru finally manages to strike Naruto with his Kusanagi Sword, even though he fails to pierce the sword through him. Seeing Naruto in his Four-Tailed state, Sakura is awestruck and terrified."""
"43,""""""Sakura's Tears""""Transcription: """"Sakura no namida"""" (Japanese: サクラの涙)"",""January 17, 2008"",""July 14, 2010[15]"""
"Kabuto states that Naruto's current form is a consequence of his desperation to bring back Sasuke to Konoha. Sakura begins to cry and tries to approach Naruto, but is attacked by him. Yamato erects chakra-suppressing wooden pillars using his Wood Style to bind Naruto before he does any more harm. Kabuto heals Sakura and disappears after reasoning that the Konoha ninja are not Orochimaru's enemies because they are also fighting the Akatsuki. Yamato forcibly returns Naruto to his normal state. Meanwhile, Sai, who was hiding nearby the battlefield the entire time, confronts Orochimaru on behalf of orders from Danzo.,""Kabuto states that Naruto's current form is a consequence of his desperation to bring back Sasuke to Konoha. Sakura begins to cry and tries to approach Naruto, but is attacked by him. Yamato erects chakra-suppressing wooden pillars using his Wood Style to bind Naruto before he does any more harm. Kabuto heals Sakura and disappears after reasoning that the Konoha ninja are not Orochimaru's enemies because they are also fighting the Akatsuki. Yamato forcibly returns Naruto to his normal state. Meanwhile, Sai, who was hiding nearby the battlefield the entire time, confronts Orochimaru on behalf of orders from Danzo."",""Kabuto states that Naruto's current form is a consequence of his desperation to bring back Sasuke to Konoha. Sakura begins to cry and tries to approach Naruto, but is attacked by him. Yamato erects chakra-suppressing wooden pillars using his Wood Style to bind Naruto before he does any more harm. Kabuto heals Sakura and disappears after reasoning that the Konoha ninja are not Orochimaru's enemies because they are also fighting the Akatsuki. Yamato forcibly returns Naruto to his normal state. Meanwhile, Sai, who was hiding nearby the battlefield the entire time, confronts Orochimaru on behalf of orders from Danzo."",""Kabuto states that Naruto's current form is a consequence of his desperation to bring back Sasuke to Konoha. Sakura begins to cry and tries to approach Naruto, but is attacked by him. Yamato erects chakra-suppressing wooden pillars using his Wood Style to bind Naruto before he does any more harm. Kabuto heals Sakura and disappears after reasoning that the Konoha ninja are not Orochimaru's enemies because they are also fighting the Akatsuki. Yamato forcibly returns Naruto to his normal state. Meanwhile, Sai, who was hiding nearby the battlefield the entire time, confronts Orochimaru on behalf of orders from Danzo."",""Kabuto states that Naruto's current form is a consequence of his desperation to bring back Sasuke to Konoha. Sakura begins to cry and tries to approach Naruto, but is attacked by him. Yamato erects chakra-suppressing wooden pillars using his Wood Style to bind Naruto before he does any more harm. Kabuto heals Sakura and disappears after reasoning that the Konoha ninja are not Orochimaru's enemies because they are also fighting the Akatsuki. Yamato forcibly returns Naruto to his normal state. Meanwhile, Sai, who was hiding nearby the battlefield the entire time, confronts Orochimaru on behalf of orders from Danzo."""
"44,""""""The Secret of the Battle!""""Transcription: """"Tatakai no tenmatsu"""" (Japanese: 戦いの顛末)"",""January 24, 2008"",""July 21, 2010[15]"""
"Sakura tries to heal Naruto, but her medical ninjutsu has little effect on his wounds. In the forest, Orochimaru tries to kill Sai, but it is revealed to be an ink clone. The real Sai emerges from the ground and gives Orochimaru a letter from Danzo. Sai, then, leaves with Orochimaru and Kabuto for their hideout, with Yamato's wood clone on their trail. After Naruto comes to his senses, the team reaches the battlefield spot, and picks up Sai's picture book. From what his clone observed, Yamato infers that Danzo seeks to destroy Konoha with Orochimaru's aid.,""Sakura tries to heal Naruto, but her medical ninjutsu has little effect on his wounds. In the forest, Orochimaru tries to kill Sai, but it is revealed to be an ink clone. The real Sai emerges from the ground and gives Orochimaru a letter from Danzo. Sai, then, leaves with Orochimaru and Kabuto for their hideout, with Yamato's wood clone on their trail. After Naruto comes to his senses, the team reaches the battlefield spot, and picks up Sai's picture book. From what his clone observed, Yamato infers that Danzo seeks to destroy Konoha with Orochimaru's aid."",""Sakura tries to heal Naruto, but her medical ninjutsu has little effect on his wounds. In the forest, Orochimaru tries to kill Sai, but it is revealed to be an ink clone. The real Sai emerges from the ground and gives Orochimaru a letter from Danzo. Sai, then, leaves with Orochimaru and Kabuto for their hideout, with Yamato's wood clone on their trail. After Naruto comes to his senses, the team reaches the battlefield spot, and picks up Sai's picture book. From what his clone observed, Yamato infers that Danzo seeks to destroy Konoha with Orochimaru's aid."",""Sakura tries to heal Naruto, but her medical ninjutsu has little effect on his wounds. In the forest, Orochimaru tries to kill Sai, but it is revealed to be an ink clone. The real Sai emerges from the ground and gives Orochimaru a letter from Danzo. Sai, then, leaves with Orochimaru and Kabuto for their hideout, with Yamato's wood clone on their trail. After Naruto comes to his senses, the team reaches the battlefield spot, and picks up Sai's picture book. From what his clone observed, Yamato infers that Danzo seeks to destroy Konoha with Orochimaru's aid."",""Sakura tries to heal Naruto, but her medical ninjutsu has little effect on his wounds. In the forest, Orochimaru tries to kill Sai, but it is revealed to be an ink clone. The real Sai emerges from the ground and gives Orochimaru a letter from Danzo. Sai, then, leaves with Orochimaru and Kabuto for their hideout, with Yamato's wood clone on their trail. After Naruto comes to his senses, the team reaches the battlefield spot, and picks up Sai's picture book. From what his clone observed, Yamato infers that Danzo seeks to destroy Konoha with Orochimaru's aid."""
"45,""""""The Consequences of Betrayal""""Transcription: """"Uragiri no hate"""" (Japanese: 裏切りの果て)"",""January 31, 2008"",""July 28, 2010[15]"""
"To confuse and slow down Yamato's wood clone, Kabuto creates a fake corpse, resembling Sai. Naruto, still recovering from the effects of his Four-Tailed state, is told to stay behind by Yamato. However, Naruto tells Yamato he is fine and the trio continue to follow Sai. During their pursuit, the team is forced to take a break when Sakura's own injuries take their toll on her. As she heals herself, Yamato talks to Naruto in solace, and tells him that it was he, in his Four-Tailed form, who hurt Sakura. Naruto is shocked to know this and condemns his own actions.,""To confuse and slow down Yamato's wood clone, Kabuto creates a fake corpse, resembling Sai. Naruto, still recovering from the effects of his Four-Tailed state, is told to stay behind by Yamato. However, Naruto tells Yamato he is fine and the trio continue to follow Sai. During their pursuit, the team is forced to take a break when Sakura's own injuries take their toll on her. As she heals herself, Yamato talks to Naruto in solace, and tells him that it was he, in his Four-Tailed form, who hurt Sakura. Naruto is shocked to know this and condemns his own actions."",""To confuse and slow down Yamato's wood clone, Kabuto creates a fake corpse, resembling Sai. Naruto, still recovering from the effects of his Four-Tailed state, is told to stay behind by Yamato. However, Naruto tells Yamato he is fine and the trio continue to follow Sai. During their pursuit, the team is forced to take a break when Sakura's own injuries take their toll on her. As she heals herself, Yamato talks to Naruto in solace, and tells him that it was he, in his Four-Tailed form, who hurt Sakura. Naruto is shocked to know this and condemns his own actions."",""To confuse and slow down Yamato's wood clone, Kabuto creates a fake corpse, resembling Sai. Naruto, still recovering from the effects of his Four-Tailed state, is told to stay behind by Yamato. However, Naruto tells Yamato he is fine and the trio continue to follow Sai. During their pursuit, the team is forced to take a break when Sakura's own injuries take their toll on her. As she heals herself, Yamato talks to Naruto in solace, and tells him that it was he, in his Four-Tailed form, who hurt Sakura. Naruto is shocked to know this and condemns his own actions."",""To confuse and slow down Yamato's wood clone, Kabuto creates a fake corpse, resembling Sai. Naruto, still recovering from the effects of his Four-Tailed state, is told to stay behind by Yamato. However, Naruto tells Yamato he is fine and the trio continue to follow Sai. During their pursuit, the team is forced to take a break when Sakura's own injuries take their toll on her. As she heals herself, Yamato talks to Naruto in solace, and tells him that it was he, in his Four-Tailed form, who hurt Sakura. Naruto is shocked to know this and condemns his own actions."""
"46,""""""The Unfinished Page""""Transcription: """"Mikan no pēji"""" (Japanese: 未完の頁)"",""February 7, 2008"",""August 4, 2010[15]"""
"Yamato tells Naruto not to rely on the Nine-Tails chakra as he is strong enough on his own. The Konoha team decides to browse Sai's book to give them some clue about him, and they notice that its filled with the story of two boys' paths and battles, however, the pages where the two boys would meet are unfinished. Meanwhile, Orochimaru's group reach their hideout, not realizing that Yamato's wood clone had spotted them. There, Sai confronts a shadowed Sasuke, realizing that this is the man whom Naruto and Sakura have been searching for.,""Yamato tells Naruto not to rely on the Nine-Tails chakra as he is strong enough on his own. The Konoha team decides to browse Sai's book to give them some clue about him, and they notice that its filled with the story of two boys' paths and battles, however, the pages where the two boys would meet are unfinished. Meanwhile, Orochimaru's group reach their hideout, not realizing that Yamato's wood clone had spotted them. There, Sai confronts a shadowed Sasuke, realizing that this is the man whom Naruto and Sakura have been searching for."",""Yamato tells Naruto not to rely on the Nine-Tails chakra as he is strong enough on his own. The Konoha team decides to browse Sai's book to give them some clue about him, and they notice that its filled with the story of two boys' paths and battles, however, the pages where the two boys would meet are unfinished. Meanwhile, Orochimaru's group reach their hideout, not realizing that Yamato's wood clone had spotted them. There, Sai confronts a shadowed Sasuke, realizing that this is the man whom Naruto and Sakura have been searching for."",""Yamato tells Naruto not to rely on the Nine-Tails chakra as he is strong enough on his own. The Konoha team decides to browse Sai's book to give them some clue about him, and they notice that its filled with the story of two boys' paths and battles, however, the pages where the two boys would meet are unfinished. Meanwhile, Orochimaru's group reach their hideout, not realizing that Yamato's wood clone had spotted them. There, Sai confronts a shadowed Sasuke, realizing that this is the man whom Naruto and Sakura have been searching for."",""Yamato tells Naruto not to rely on the Nine-Tails chakra as he is strong enough on his own. The Konoha team decides to browse Sai's book to give them some clue about him, and they notice that its filled with the story of two boys' paths and battles, however, the pages where the two boys would meet are unfinished. Meanwhile, Orochimaru's group reach their hideout, not realizing that Yamato's wood clone had spotted them. There, Sai confronts a shadowed Sasuke, realizing that this is the man whom Naruto and Sakura have been searching for."""
"47,""""""Infiltration: The Den of the Snake!""""Transcription: """"Sennyū! Dokuhebi no ajito"""" (Japanese: 潜入!毒蛇の巣窟)"",""February 14, 2008"",""August 11, 2010[15]"""
"Sai is temporarily trapped in a powerful genjutsu from Sasuke's Sharingan, that frightens him. After recovering, Sai tells Sasuke that Naruto sees him as a brother, as told to him by Sakura. Sasuke replies that he has only one brother, the one he is going to kill, and leaves. Orochimaru gives the envelope with information from Danzo about Konoha's ANBU to Kabuto and instructs him to make a bingo book. On reaching near Orochimaru's hideout, Yamato gives Sakura and Naruto wooden seeds to ingest, which are imbued with his chakra, that would enable him to track them down in case they are lost, and reveals that he was able to track Sai with the same seeds that he had secretly fed Sai. In the hideout, Kabuto locks Sai in a room, and the latter summons a bingo book of the same information in the envelope. Outside, Yamato uses a Earth Style Jutsu to open a tunnel into Orochimaru's hideout, and he, Naruto and Sakura travel to Sai's room undetected.,""Sai is temporarily trapped in a powerful genjutsu from Sasuke's Sharingan, that frightens him. After recovering, Sai tells Sasuke that Naruto sees him as a brother, as told to him by Sakura. Sasuke replies that he has only one brother, the one he is going to kill, and leaves. Orochimaru gives the envelope with information from Danzo about Konoha's ANBU to Kabuto and instructs him to make a bingo book. On reaching near Orochimaru's hideout, Yamato gives Sakura and Naruto wooden seeds to ingest, which are imbued with his chakra, that would enable him to track them down in case they are lost, and reveals that he was able to track Sai with the same seeds that he had secretly fed Sai. In the hideout, Kabuto locks Sai in a room, and the latter summons a bingo book of the same information in the envelope. Outside, Yamato uses a Earth Style Jutsu to open a tunnel into Orochimaru's hideout, and he, Naruto and Sakura travel to Sai's room undetected."",""Sai is temporarily trapped in a powerful genjutsu from Sasuke's Sharingan, that frightens him. After recovering, Sai tells Sasuke that Naruto sees him as a brother, as told to him by Sakura. Sasuke replies that he has only one brother, the one he is going to kill, and leaves. Orochimaru gives the envelope with information from Danzo about Konoha's ANBU to Kabuto and instructs him to make a bingo book. On reaching near Orochimaru's hideout, Yamato gives Sakura and Naruto wooden seeds to ingest, which are imbued with his chakra, that would enable him to track them down in case they are lost, and reveals that he was able to track Sai with the same seeds that he had secretly fed Sai. In the hideout, Kabuto locks Sai in a room, and the latter summons a bingo book of the same information in the envelope. Outside, Yamato uses a Earth Style Jutsu to open a tunnel into Orochimaru's hideout, and he, Naruto and Sakura travel to Sai's room undetected."",""Sai is temporarily trapped in a powerful genjutsu from Sasuke's Sharingan, that frightens him. After recovering, Sai tells Sasuke that Naruto sees him as a brother, as told to him by Sakura. Sasuke replies that he has only one brother, the one he is going to kill, and leaves. Orochimaru gives the envelope with information from Danzo about Konoha's ANBU to Kabuto and instructs him to make a bingo book. On reaching near Orochimaru's hideout, Yamato gives Sakura and Naruto wooden seeds to ingest, which are imbued with his chakra, that would enable him to track them down in case they are lost, and reveals that he was able to track Sai with the same seeds that he had secretly fed Sai. In the hideout, Kabuto locks Sai in a room, and the latter summons a bingo book of the same information in the envelope. Outside, Yamato uses a Earth Style Jutsu to open a tunnel into Orochimaru's hideout, and he, Naruto and Sakura travel to Sai's room undetected."",""Sai is temporarily trapped in a powerful genjutsu from Sasuke's Sharingan, that frightens him. After recovering, Sai tells Sasuke that Naruto sees him as a brother, as told to him by Sakura. Sasuke replies that he has only one brother, the one he is going to kill, and leaves. Orochimaru gives the envelope with information from Danzo about Konoha's ANBU to Kabuto and instructs him to make a bingo book. On reaching near Orochimaru's hideout, Yamato gives Sakura and Naruto wooden seeds to ingest, which are imbued with his chakra, that would enable him to track them down in case they are lost, and reveals that he was able to track Sai with the same seeds that he had secretly fed Sai. In the hideout, Kabuto locks Sai in a room, and the latter summons a bingo book of the same information in the envelope. Outside, Yamato uses a Earth Style Jutsu to open a tunnel into Orochimaru's hideout, and he, Naruto and Sakura travel to Sai's room undetected."""
"48,""""""Bonds""""Transcription: """"Tsunagari"""" (Japanese: つながり)"",""February 28, 2008"",""August 18, 2010[15]"""
"Yamato and his team enter Sai's room and confront him. Sai tells them that not only was he to help in Konoha's destruction, but also act as a spy against Orochimaru. Yamato reveals that in ANBU Root, one must murder his own comrades and sever their emotions, but Sakura returns Sai's picture book to him, remarking that he still has emotions because he treasures it. Afterwards, the team ties up Sai. Once outside, Naruto informs Sai about his bonds of a brother with Sasuke and about how far he would go to bring Sasuke back.,""Yamato and his team enter Sai's room and confront him. Sai tells them that not only was he to help in Konoha's destruction, but also act as a spy against Orochimaru. Yamato reveals that in ANBU Root, one must murder his own comrades and sever their emotions, but Sakura returns Sai's picture book to him, remarking that he still has emotions because he treasures it. Afterwards, the team ties up Sai. Once outside, Naruto informs Sai about his bonds of a brother with Sasuke and about how far he would go to bring Sasuke back."",""Yamato and his team enter Sai's room and confront him. Sai tells them that not only was he to help in Konoha's destruction, but also act as a spy against Orochimaru. Yamato reveals that in ANBU Root, one must murder his own comrades and sever their emotions, but Sakura returns Sai's picture book to him, remarking that he still has emotions because he treasures it. Afterwards, the team ties up Sai. Once outside, Naruto informs Sai about his bonds of a brother with Sasuke and about how far he would go to bring Sasuke back."",""Yamato and his team enter Sai's room and confront him. Sai tells them that not only was he to help in Konoha's destruction, but also act as a spy against Orochimaru. Yamato reveals that in ANBU Root, one must murder his own comrades and sever their emotions, but Sakura returns Sai's picture book to him, remarking that he still has emotions because he treasures it. Afterwards, the team ties up Sai. Once outside, Naruto informs Sai about his bonds of a brother with Sasuke and about how far he would go to bring Sasuke back."",""Yamato and his team enter Sai's room and confront him. Sai tells them that not only was he to help in Konoha's destruction, but also act as a spy against Orochimaru. Yamato reveals that in ANBU Root, one must murder his own comrades and sever their emotions, but Sakura returns Sai's picture book to him, remarking that he still has emotions because he treasures it. Afterwards, the team ties up Sai. Once outside, Naruto informs Sai about his bonds of a brother with Sasuke and about how far he would go to bring Sasuke back."""
"49,""""""Something Important...""""Transcription: """"Taisetsu na mono"""" (Japanese: 大切なモノ)"",""March 6, 2008"",""August 25, 2010[15]"""
"Before Yamato's team departs to find Sasuke in the hideout, Kabuto appears in front of them and attacks them, before freeing Sai. However, Sai, wanting to learn more about his own bonds with his deceased brother through Naruto's bond with Sasuke, betrays Kabuto and aids Yamato in his capture. A tied up Kabuto gives a vague description of Sasuke's location to the team, thinking that Orochimaru would just kill them either way. Leaving Yamato's wood clone to watch over Kabuto, Yamato and his team enter Orochimaru's hideout and they split up to find Sasuke, Naruto and Sai heading one way, with Sakura and Yamato to another.,""Before Yamato's team departs to find Sasuke in the hideout, Kabuto appears in front of them and attacks them, before freeing Sai. However, Sai, wanting to learn more about his own bonds with his deceased brother through Naruto's bond with Sasuke, betrays Kabuto and aids Yamato in his capture. A tied up Kabuto gives a vague description of Sasuke's location to the team, thinking that Orochimaru would just kill them either way. Leaving Yamato's wood clone to watch over Kabuto, Yamato and his team enter Orochimaru's hideout and they split up to find Sasuke, Naruto and Sai heading one way, with Sakura and Yamato to another."",""Before Yamato's team departs to find Sasuke in the hideout, Kabuto appears in front of them and attacks them, before freeing Sai. However, Sai, wanting to learn more about his own bonds with his deceased brother through Naruto's bond with Sasuke, betrays Kabuto and aids Yamato in his capture. A tied up Kabuto gives a vague description of Sasuke's location to the team, thinking that Orochimaru would just kill them either way. Leaving Yamato's wood clone to watch over Kabuto, Yamato and his team enter Orochimaru's hideout and they split up to find Sasuke, Naruto and Sai heading one way, with Sakura and Yamato to another."",""Before Yamato's team departs to find Sasuke in the hideout, Kabuto appears in front of them and attacks them, before freeing Sai. However, Sai, wanting to learn more about his own bonds with his deceased brother through Naruto's bond with Sasuke, betrays Kabuto and aids Yamato in his capture. A tied up Kabuto gives a vague description of Sasuke's location to the team, thinking that Orochimaru would just kill them either way. Leaving Yamato's wood clone to watch over Kabuto, Yamato and his team enter Orochimaru's hideout and they split up to find Sasuke, Naruto and Sai heading one way, with Sakura and Yamato to another."",""Before Yamato's team departs to find Sasuke in the hideout, Kabuto appears in front of them and attacks them, before freeing Sai. However, Sai, wanting to learn more about his own bonds with his deceased brother through Naruto's bond with Sasuke, betrays Kabuto and aids Yamato in his capture. A tied up Kabuto gives a vague description of Sasuke's location to the team, thinking that Orochimaru would just kill them either way. Leaving Yamato's wood clone to watch over Kabuto, Yamato and his team enter Orochimaru's hideout and they split up to find Sasuke, Naruto and Sai heading one way, with Sakura and Yamato to another."""
"50,""""""The Picture Book's Story""""Transcription: """"Ehon ga kataru sutōri"""" (Japanese: 絵本が語る物語)"",""March 13, 2008"",""September 1, 2010[15]"""
"As the Konoha team continues their search for Sasuke, Naruto suddenly collapses due to exhaustion from his previous battle with Orochimaru. As Naruto wakes up, Sai remembers what he wanted to draw in the middle pages of his picture book: him and his brother smiling; an action which Sai mirrors. As Sai talks about his bonds, Orochimaru suddenly appears and attacks them. Sakura and Yamato come to Naruto's aid, while Sai goes alone to continue the search. Just as Sai finds Sasuke with his ink rats, Yamato finds Sai's bingo book and realizes Sai's actual mission upon finding Sasuke listed as a target for assassination.,""As the Konoha team continues their search for Sasuke, Naruto suddenly collapses due to exhaustion from his previous battle with Orochimaru. As Naruto wakes up, Sai remembers what he wanted to draw in the middle pages of his picture book: him and his brother smiling; an action which Sai mirrors. As Sai talks about his bonds, Orochimaru suddenly appears and attacks them. Sakura and Yamato come to Naruto's aid, while Sai goes alone to continue the search. Just as Sai finds Sasuke with his ink rats, Yamato finds Sai's bingo book and realizes Sai's actual mission upon finding Sasuke listed as a target for assassination."",""As the Konoha team continues their search for Sasuke, Naruto suddenly collapses due to exhaustion from his previous battle with Orochimaru. As Naruto wakes up, Sai remembers what he wanted to draw in the middle pages of his picture book: him and his brother smiling; an action which Sai mirrors. As Sai talks about his bonds, Orochimaru suddenly appears and attacks them. Sakura and Yamato come to Naruto's aid, while Sai goes alone to continue the search. Just as Sai finds Sasuke with his ink rats, Yamato finds Sai's bingo book and realizes Sai's actual mission upon finding Sasuke listed as a target for assassination."",""As the Konoha team continues their search for Sasuke, Naruto suddenly collapses due to exhaustion from his previous battle with Orochimaru. As Naruto wakes up, Sai remembers what he wanted to draw in the middle pages of his picture book: him and his brother smiling; an action which Sai mirrors. As Sai talks about his bonds, Orochimaru suddenly appears and attacks them. Sakura and Yamato come to Naruto's aid, while Sai goes alone to continue the search. Just as Sai finds Sasuke with his ink rats, Yamato finds Sai's bingo book and realizes Sai's actual mission upon finding Sasuke listed as a target for assassination."",""As the Konoha team continues their search for Sasuke, Naruto suddenly collapses due to exhaustion from his previous battle with Orochimaru. As Naruto wakes up, Sai remembers what he wanted to draw in the middle pages of his picture book: him and his brother smiling; an action which Sai mirrors. As Sai talks about his bonds, Orochimaru suddenly appears and attacks them. Sakura and Yamato come to Naruto's aid, while Sai goes alone to continue the search. Just as Sai finds Sasuke with his ink rats, Yamato finds Sai's bingo book and realizes Sai's actual mission upon finding Sasuke listed as a target for assassination."""
"51,""""""Reunion""""Transcription: """"Saikai"""" (Japanese: 再会)"",""March 20, 2008"",""September 8, 2010[15]"""
"Yamato suggests that Sai's true objective is to kill Sasuke, who, according to his master Danzo, is a threat to Konoha. Sai enters Sasuke's room and wakes him up. But instead of following his orders and killing Sasuke, Sai reveals that he wants to preserve Naruto and Sasuke's bonds. Sasuke retaliates by causing a giant explosion in his room, which attracts Sakura, Naruto and Yamato's attention. As Naruto and Sakura meet with their former friend, Sai declares that he is discarding his mission orders and now wishes to aid Naruto in bringing Sasuke back to Konoha.,""Yamato suggests that Sai's true objective is to kill Sasuke, who, according to his master Danzo, is a threat to Konoha. Sai enters Sasuke's room and wakes him up. But instead of following his orders and killing Sasuke, Sai reveals that he wants to preserve Naruto and Sasuke's bonds. Sasuke retaliates by causing a giant explosion in his room, which attracts Sakura, Naruto and Yamato's attention. As Naruto and Sakura meet with their former friend, Sai declares that he is discarding his mission orders and now wishes to aid Naruto in bringing Sasuke back to Konoha."",""Yamato suggests that Sai's true objective is to kill Sasuke, who, according to his master Danzo, is a threat to Konoha. Sai enters Sasuke's room and wakes him up. But instead of following his orders and killing Sasuke, Sai reveals that he wants to preserve Naruto and Sasuke's bonds. Sasuke retaliates by causing a giant explosion in his room, which attracts Sakura, Naruto and Yamato's attention. As Naruto and Sakura meet with their former friend, Sai declares that he is discarding his mission orders and now wishes to aid Naruto in bringing Sasuke back to Konoha."",""Yamato suggests that Sai's true objective is to kill Sasuke, who, according to his master Danzo, is a threat to Konoha. Sai enters Sasuke's room and wakes him up. But instead of following his orders and killing Sasuke, Sai reveals that he wants to preserve Naruto and Sasuke's bonds. Sasuke retaliates by causing a giant explosion in his room, which attracts Sakura, Naruto and Yamato's attention. As Naruto and Sakura meet with their former friend, Sai declares that he is discarding his mission orders and now wishes to aid Naruto in bringing Sasuke back to Konoha."",""Yamato suggests that Sai's true objective is to kill Sasuke, who, according to his master Danzo, is a threat to Konoha. Sai enters Sasuke's room and wakes him up. But instead of following his orders and killing Sasuke, Sai reveals that he wants to preserve Naruto and Sasuke's bonds. Sasuke retaliates by causing a giant explosion in his room, which attracts Sakura, Naruto and Yamato's attention. As Naruto and Sakura meet with their former friend, Sai declares that he is discarding his mission orders and now wishes to aid Naruto in bringing Sasuke back to Konoha."""
"52,""""""The Power of Uchiha""""Transcription: """"Uchiha no chikara"""" (Japanese: うちはの力)"",""March 20, 2008"",""September 15, 2010[15]"""
"With his skills immensely improved over the years, Sasuke begins to attack Naruto, but Sai intervenes. Sasuke keeps the two at bay with his Chidori Current. Sakura decides to charge at Sasuke, but Yamato jumps in front of her, only to wind up being stabbed by Sasuke's Chidori-infused katana. Deep within his conscious, remembering what Yamato told him, Naruto attempts to resist the Nine-Tails's goading before the fox attempts to goad Naruto to using its power. However, Sasuke uses his Sharingan to enter Naruto's mind and stop him from reaching the Nine Tails. With Sasuke meeting him for the first time, the Nine Tails compares Sasuke's chakra to that of Madara Uchiha before being totally suppressed by the young Uchiha. As his chakra dissipates, the Nine-Tails warns Sasuke not to kill Naruto.,""With his skills immensely improved over the years, Sasuke begins to attack Naruto, but Sai intervenes. Sasuke keeps the two at bay with his Chidori Current. Sakura decides to charge at Sasuke, but Yamato jumps in front of her, only to wind up being stabbed by Sasuke's Chidori-infused katana. Deep within his conscious, remembering what Yamato told him, Naruto attempts to resist the Nine-Tails's goading before the fox attempts to goad Naruto to using its power. However, Sasuke uses his Sharingan to enter Naruto's mind and stop him from reaching the Nine Tails. With Sasuke meeting him for the first time, the Nine Tails compares Sasuke's chakra to that of Madara Uchiha before being totally suppressed by the young Uchiha. As his chakra dissipates, the Nine-Tails warns Sasuke not to kill Naruto."",""With his skills immensely improved over the years, Sasuke begins to attack Naruto, but Sai intervenes. Sasuke keeps the two at bay with his Chidori Current. Sakura decides to charge at Sasuke, but Yamato jumps in front of her, only to wind up being stabbed by Sasuke's Chidori-infused katana. Deep within his conscious, remembering what Yamato told him, Naruto attempts to resist the Nine-Tails's goading before the fox attempts to goad Naruto to using its power. However, Sasuke uses his Sharingan to enter Naruto's mind and stop him from reaching the Nine Tails. With Sasuke meeting him for the first time, the Nine Tails compares Sasuke's chakra to that of Madara Uchiha before being totally suppressed by the young Uchiha. As his chakra dissipates, the Nine-Tails warns Sasuke not to kill Naruto."",""With his skills immensely improved over the years, Sasuke begins to attack Naruto, but Sai intervenes. Sasuke keeps the two at bay with his Chidori Current. Sakura decides to charge at Sasuke, but Yamato jumps in front of her, only to wind up being stabbed by Sasuke's Chidori-infused katana. Deep within his conscious, remembering what Yamato told him, Naruto attempts to resist the Nine-Tails's goading before the fox attempts to goad Naruto to using its power. However, Sasuke uses his Sharingan to enter Naruto's mind and stop him from reaching the Nine Tails. With Sasuke meeting him for the first time, the Nine Tails compares Sasuke's chakra to that of Madara Uchiha before being totally suppressed by the young Uchiha. As his chakra dissipates, the Nine-Tails warns Sasuke not to kill Naruto."",""With his skills immensely improved over the years, Sasuke begins to attack Naruto, but Sai intervenes. Sasuke keeps the two at bay with his Chidori Current. Sakura decides to charge at Sasuke, but Yamato jumps in front of her, only to wind up being stabbed by Sasuke's Chidori-infused katana. Deep within his conscious, remembering what Yamato told him, Naruto attempts to resist the Nine-Tails's goading before the fox attempts to goad Naruto to using its power. However, Sasuke uses his Sharingan to enter Naruto's mind and stop him from reaching the Nine Tails. With Sasuke meeting him for the first time, the Nine Tails compares Sasuke's chakra to that of Madara Uchiha before being totally suppressed by the young Uchiha. As his chakra dissipates, the Nine-Tails warns Sasuke not to kill Naruto."""
"53,""""""Title""""Transcription: """"Taitoru"""" (Japanese: 題名)"",""April 3, 2008"",""October 27, 2010[15]"""
"Just as Sasuke is about to execute a powerful jutsu to finish the team, Orochimaru, followed by Kabuto, appears and stops him. Orochimaru and Kabuto convince Sasuke to leave his former team mates alive to weaken the Akatsuki's numbers for him. Forced to watch Sasuke leave with Orochimaru, a weeping Naruto laments failing to bring their friend back to Konoha before Sakura reassures him that they will get another chance. Back in Konoha, Tsunade receives Yamato's reports and is greatly angered over Danzo's treachery of leaking classified information of Konoha ANBU to Orochimaru. In the ANBU Root base, Sai asks Danzo to allow him to remain longer with Team Kakashi, as well as keep his name. Danzo reluctantly agrees. Later, Sai goes on a mission with his team, having come to see them as his friends.,""Just as Sasuke is about to execute a powerful jutsu to finish the team, Orochimaru, followed by Kabuto, appears and stops him. Orochimaru and Kabuto convince Sasuke to leave his former team mates alive to weaken the Akatsuki's numbers for him. Forced to watch Sasuke leave with Orochimaru, a weeping Naruto laments failing to bring their friend back to Konoha before Sakura reassures him that they will get another chance. Back in Konoha, Tsunade receives Yamato's reports and is greatly angered over Danzo's treachery of leaking classified information of Konoha ANBU to Orochimaru. In the ANBU Root base, Sai asks Danzo to allow him to remain longer with Team Kakashi, as well as keep his name. Danzo reluctantly agrees. Later, Sai goes on a mission with his team, having come to see them as his friends."",""Just as Sasuke is about to execute a powerful jutsu to finish the team, Orochimaru, followed by Kabuto, appears and stops him. Orochimaru and Kabuto convince Sasuke to leave his former team mates alive to weaken the Akatsuki's numbers for him. Forced to watch Sasuke leave with Orochimaru, a weeping Naruto laments failing to bring their friend back to Konoha before Sakura reassures him that they will get another chance. Back in Konoha, Tsunade receives Yamato's reports and is greatly angered over Danzo's treachery of leaking classified information of Konoha ANBU to Orochimaru. In the ANBU Root base, Sai asks Danzo to allow him to remain longer with Team Kakashi, as well as keep his name. Danzo reluctantly agrees. Later, Sai goes on a mission with his team, having come to see them as his friends."",""Just as Sasuke is about to execute a powerful jutsu to finish the team, Orochimaru, followed by Kabuto, appears and stops him. Orochimaru and Kabuto convince Sasuke to leave his former team mates alive to weaken the Akatsuki's numbers for him. Forced to watch Sasuke leave with Orochimaru, a weeping Naruto laments failing to bring their friend back to Konoha before Sakura reassures him that they will get another chance. Back in Konoha, Tsunade receives Yamato's reports and is greatly angered over Danzo's treachery of leaking classified information of Konoha ANBU to Orochimaru. In the ANBU Root base, Sai asks Danzo to allow him to remain longer with Team Kakashi, as well as keep his name. Danzo reluctantly agrees. Later, Sai goes on a mission with his team, having come to see them as his friends."",""Just as Sasuke is about to execute a powerful jutsu to finish the team, Orochimaru, followed by Kabuto, appears and stops him. Orochimaru and Kabuto convince Sasuke to leave his former team mates alive to weaken the Akatsuki's numbers for him. Forced to watch Sasuke leave with Orochimaru, a weeping Naruto laments failing to bring their friend back to Konoha before Sakura reassures him that they will get another chance. Back in Konoha, Tsunade receives Yamato's reports and is greatly angered over Danzo's treachery of leaking classified information of Konoha ANBU to Orochimaru. In the ANBU Root base, Sai asks Danzo to allow him to remain longer with Team Kakashi, as well as keep his name. Danzo reluctantly agrees. Later, Sai goes on a mission with his team, having come to see them as his friends."""
"54,""""""Nightmare""""Transcription: """"Akumu"""" (Japanese: 悪夢)"",""April 3, 2008"",""November 3, 2010[12]"""
"After having a nightmare about the Nine-Tails invading the village, Naruto Uzumaki begins the special training with Kakashi Hatake and spends time with Shikamaru, Choji and Ino.,""After having a nightmare about the Nine-Tails invading the village, Naruto Uzumaki begins the special training with Kakashi Hatake and spends time with Shikamaru, Choji and Ino."",""After having a nightmare about the Nine-Tails invading the village, Naruto Uzumaki begins the special training with Kakashi Hatake and spends time with Shikamaru, Choji and Ino."",""After having a nightmare about the Nine-Tails invading the village, Naruto Uzumaki begins the special training with Kakashi Hatake and spends time with Shikamaru, Choji and Ino."",""After having a nightmare about the Nine-Tails invading the village, Naruto Uzumaki begins the special training with Kakashi Hatake and spends time with Shikamaru, Choji and Ino."""
"55,""""""Wind""""Transcription: """"Kaze"""" (Japanese: 旋風)"",""April 17, 2008"",""November 10, 2010[12]"""
"Kakashi and Naruto meet at the training field in order to help teach Naruto how to make his own unique jutsu. Kakashi explains the principles behind harnessing one's elemental nature and adding it to his chakra in order to change it, citing Naruto's Rasengan as a good example of this phenomenon. As Naruto does not know what his nature is, Kakashi outlines the five basic natures that exist --Earth, Fire, Water, Wind, and Lightning. Naruto realizes that Sasuke Uchiha must have two natures because he is able to use both Fire and Lightning jutsu. Using a special litmus paper, Naruto discovers his nature is Wind. Yamato arrives and asks Naruto what his nature is and then demonstrates that his Wood style technique is a combination of Earth and Water type chakra. Kakashi tells Naruto that the ability to perfectly meld two natures together to create an entirely different nature is only possible with those possessing kekkei genkai, such as Haku with his Ice style. Kakashi tells Naruto that he plans on helping Naruto cut down his training time significantly by having him use shadow clones since a clone user is able to retain the memories and experiences of his clones after they are dispelled. Because Naruto possesses the Nine Tailed Fox's chakra, his reserves are much larger and he can thus not only make many more clones, but also maintain them for longer periods of time. Yamato reminds Naruto that depleting his own chakra would trigger the Nine Tails and so he has been requested by Kakashi to be present in order to suppress Naruto should that occur during their training. Naruto creates multiple shadow clones and Kakashi gives them all a leaf. He assigns them the task to slice it in half using wind chakra alone. Naruto is surprised when he almost immediately tears the leaf almost in half, and Kakashi remarks that perhaps their training won't take very long after all.,""Kakashi and Naruto meet at the training field in order to help teach Naruto how to make his own unique jutsu. Kakashi explains the principles behind harnessing one's elemental nature and adding it to his chakra in order to change it, citing Naruto's Rasengan as a good example of this phenomenon. As Naruto does not know what his nature is, Kakashi outlines the five basic natures that exist --Earth, Fire, Water, Wind, and Lightning. Naruto realizes that Sasuke Uchiha must have two natures because he is able to use both Fire and Lightning jutsu. Using a special litmus paper, Naruto discovers his nature is Wind. Yamato arrives and asks Naruto what his nature is and then demonstrates that his Wood style technique is a combination of Earth and Water type chakra. Kakashi tells Naruto that the ability to perfectly meld two natures together to create an entirely different nature is only possible with those possessing kekkei genkai, such as Haku with his Ice style. Kakashi tells Naruto that he plans on helping Naruto cut down his training time significantly by having him use shadow clones since a clone user is able to retain the memories and experiences of his clones after they are dispelled. Because Naruto possesses the Nine Tailed Fox's chakra, his reserves are much larger and he can thus not only make many more clones, but also maintain them for longer periods of time. Yamato reminds Naruto that depleting his own chakra would trigger the Nine Tails and so he has been requested by Kakashi to be present in order to suppress Naruto should that occur during their training. Naruto creates multiple shadow clones and Kakashi gives them all a leaf. He assigns them the task to slice it in half using wind chakra alone. Naruto is surprised when he almost immediately tears the leaf almost in half, and Kakashi remarks that perhaps their training won't take very long after all."",""Kakashi and Naruto meet at the training field in order to help teach Naruto how to make his own unique jutsu. Kakashi explains the principles behind harnessing one's elemental nature and adding it to his chakra in order to change it, citing Naruto's Rasengan as a good example of this phenomenon. As Naruto does not know what his nature is, Kakashi outlines the five basic natures that exist --Earth, Fire, Water, Wind, and Lightning. Naruto realizes that Sasuke Uchiha must have two natures because he is able to use both Fire and Lightning jutsu. Using a special litmus paper, Naruto discovers his nature is Wind. Yamato arrives and asks Naruto what his nature is and then demonstrates that his Wood style technique is a combination of Earth and Water type chakra. Kakashi tells Naruto that the ability to perfectly meld two natures together to create an entirely different nature is only possible with those possessing kekkei genkai, such as Haku with his Ice style. Kakashi tells Naruto that he plans on helping Naruto cut down his training time significantly by having him use shadow clones since a clone user is able to retain the memories and experiences of his clones after they are dispelled. Because Naruto possesses the Nine Tailed Fox's chakra, his reserves are much larger and he can thus not only make many more clones, but also maintain them for longer periods of time. Yamato reminds Naruto that depleting his own chakra would trigger the Nine Tails and so he has been requested by Kakashi to be present in order to suppress Naruto should that occur during their training. Naruto creates multiple shadow clones and Kakashi gives them all a leaf. He assigns them the task to slice it in half using wind chakra alone. Naruto is surprised when he almost immediately tears the leaf almost in half, and Kakashi remarks that perhaps their training won't take very long after all."",""Kakashi and Naruto meet at the training field in order to help teach Naruto how to make his own unique jutsu. Kakashi explains the principles behind harnessing one's elemental nature and adding it to his chakra in order to change it, citing Naruto's Rasengan as a good example of this phenomenon. As Naruto does not know what his nature is, Kakashi outlines the five basic natures that exist --Earth, Fire, Water, Wind, and Lightning. Naruto realizes that Sasuke Uchiha must have two natures because he is able to use both Fire and Lightning jutsu. Using a special litmus paper, Naruto discovers his nature is Wind. Yamato arrives and asks Naruto what his nature is and then demonstrates that his Wood style technique is a combination of Earth and Water type chakra. Kakashi tells Naruto that the ability to perfectly meld two natures together to create an entirely different nature is only possible with those possessing kekkei genkai, such as Haku with his Ice style. Kakashi tells Naruto that he plans on helping Naruto cut down his training time significantly by having him use shadow clones since a clone user is able to retain the memories and experiences of his clones after they are dispelled. Because Naruto possesses the Nine Tailed Fox's chakra, his reserves are much larger and he can thus not only make many more clones, but also maintain them for longer periods of time. Yamato reminds Naruto that depleting his own chakra would trigger the Nine Tails and so he has been requested by Kakashi to be present in order to suppress Naruto should that occur during their training. Naruto creates multiple shadow clones and Kakashi gives them all a leaf. He assigns them the task to slice it in half using wind chakra alone. Naruto is surprised when he almost immediately tears the leaf almost in half, and Kakashi remarks that perhaps their training won't take very long after all."",""Kakashi and Naruto meet at the training field in order to help teach Naruto how to make his own unique jutsu. Kakashi explains the principles behind harnessing one's elemental nature and adding it to his chakra in order to change it, citing Naruto's Rasengan as a good example of this phenomenon. As Naruto does not know what his nature is, Kakashi outlines the five basic natures that exist --Earth, Fire, Water, Wind, and Lightning. Naruto realizes that Sasuke Uchiha must have two natures because he is able to use both Fire and Lightning jutsu. Using a special litmus paper, Naruto discovers his nature is Wind. Yamato arrives and asks Naruto what his nature is and then demonstrates that his Wood style technique is a combination of Earth and Water type chakra. Kakashi tells Naruto that the ability to perfectly meld two natures together to create an entirely different nature is only possible with those possessing kekkei genkai, such as Haku with his Ice style. Kakashi tells Naruto that he plans on helping Naruto cut down his training time significantly by having him use shadow clones since a clone user is able to retain the memories and experiences of his clones after they are dispelled. Because Naruto possesses the Nine Tailed Fox's chakra, his reserves are much larger and he can thus not only make many more clones, but also maintain them for longer periods of time. Yamato reminds Naruto that depleting his own chakra would trigger the Nine Tails and so he has been requested by Kakashi to be present in order to suppress Naruto should that occur during their training. Naruto creates multiple shadow clones and Kakashi gives them all a leaf. He assigns them the task to slice it in half using wind chakra alone. Naruto is surprised when he almost immediately tears the leaf almost in half, and Kakashi remarks that perhaps their training won't take very long after all."""
"56,""""""Writhe""""Transcription: """"Ugomeku"""" (Japanese: うごめく)"",""April 24, 2008"",""November 17, 2010[12]"""
"While Naruto continues training, Asuma informs him for advice about the Wind Element. Naruto successfully slices a leaf in half. He and his friends, before leaving the village, recognize Asuma as Konohamaru's uncle. Meanwhile on a hill near a destroyed village, four cloaked enemies discuss the awakening of the Fire Country against the Leaf Village.,""While Naruto continues training, Asuma informs him for advice about the Wind Element. Naruto successfully slices a leaf in half. He and his friends, before leaving the village, recognize Asuma as Konohamaru's uncle. Meanwhile on a hill near a destroyed village, four cloaked enemies discuss the awakening of the Fire Country against the Leaf Village."",""While Naruto continues training, Asuma informs him for advice about the Wind Element. Naruto successfully slices a leaf in half. He and his friends, before leaving the village, recognize Asuma as Konohamaru's uncle. Meanwhile on a hill near a destroyed village, four cloaked enemies discuss the awakening of the Fire Country against the Leaf Village."",""While Naruto continues training, Asuma informs him for advice about the Wind Element. Naruto successfully slices a leaf in half. He and his friends, before leaving the village, recognize Asuma as Konohamaru's uncle. Meanwhile on a hill near a destroyed village, four cloaked enemies discuss the awakening of the Fire Country against the Leaf Village."",""While Naruto continues training, Asuma informs him for advice about the Wind Element. Naruto successfully slices a leaf in half. He and his friends, before leaving the village, recognize Asuma as Konohamaru's uncle. Meanwhile on a hill near a destroyed village, four cloaked enemies discuss the awakening of the Fire Country against the Leaf Village."""
"57,""""""Deprived of Eternal Sleep""""Transcription: """"Ubawareta nemuri"""" (Japanese: 奪われた永眠り)"",""May 8, 2008"",""December 1, 2010[12]"""
"Naruto finds one of the four protected hidden tombs and fights with a training monk named Sora who uses wind chakra technique, before Sakura Haruno, Yamato, Sai and the monks arrive. They arrive and Naruto recognizes the Fire Temple from the nightmare.,""Naruto finds one of the four protected hidden tombs and fights with a training monk named Sora who uses wind chakra technique, before Sakura Haruno, Yamato, Sai and the monks arrive. They arrive and Naruto recognizes the Fire Temple from the nightmare."",""Naruto finds one of the four protected hidden tombs and fights with a training monk named Sora who uses wind chakra technique, before Sakura Haruno, Yamato, Sai and the monks arrive. They arrive and Naruto recognizes the Fire Temple from the nightmare."",""Naruto finds one of the four protected hidden tombs and fights with a training monk named Sora who uses wind chakra technique, before Sakura Haruno, Yamato, Sai and the monks arrive. They arrive and Naruto recognizes the Fire Temple from the nightmare."",""Naruto finds one of the four protected hidden tombs and fights with a training monk named Sora who uses wind chakra technique, before Sakura Haruno, Yamato, Sai and the monks arrive. They arrive and Naruto recognizes the Fire Temple from the nightmare."""
"58,""""""Loneliness""""Transcription: """"Kodoku"""" (Japanese: 孤独)"",""May 8, 2008"",""December 8, 2010[12]"""
"The monks converse with the team about the tombs holding the country's loyal bodyguards of the feudal lord. After seeing all monks training to spar, Naruto challenges Sora, but the monk stops the fight. At the cave, Sora practices Beast Wave Palm and tells Naruto that he will avenge his father. They two monks see another tomb being robbed.,""The monks converse with the team about the tombs holding the country's loyal bodyguards of the feudal lord. After seeing all monks training to spar, Naruto challenges Sora, but the monk stops the fight. At the cave, Sora practices Beast Wave Palm and tells Naruto that he will avenge his father. They two monks see another tomb being robbed."",""The monks converse with the team about the tombs holding the country's loyal bodyguards of the feudal lord. After seeing all monks training to spar, Naruto challenges Sora, but the monk stops the fight. At the cave, Sora practices Beast Wave Palm and tells Naruto that he will avenge his father. They two monks see another tomb being robbed."",""The monks converse with the team about the tombs holding the country's loyal bodyguards of the feudal lord. After seeing all monks training to spar, Naruto challenges Sora, but the monk stops the fight. At the cave, Sora practices Beast Wave Palm and tells Naruto that he will avenge his father. They two monks see another tomb being robbed."",""The monks converse with the team about the tombs holding the country's loyal bodyguards of the feudal lord. After seeing all monks training to spar, Naruto challenges Sora, but the monk stops the fight. At the cave, Sora practices Beast Wave Palm and tells Naruto that he will avenge his father. They two monks see another tomb being robbed."""
"59,""""""A New Enemy""""Transcription: """"Aratana teki"""" (Japanese: 新たな敵)"",""May 15, 2008"",""December 15, 2010[12]"""
"Tsunade suspects and orders an investigation about Danzo's plot. As Chiriku, Sora and the group failed to intercept four coffins, Fudō, Fuen and Fūka trap the group at the canyon maze of pits and traps, where Yamato and Sai encounter Fudō and Fuen.,""Tsunade suspects and orders an investigation about Danzo's plot. As Chiriku, Sora and the group failed to intercept four coffins, Fudō, Fuen and Fūka trap the group at the canyon maze of pits and traps, where Yamato and Sai encounter Fudō and Fuen."",""Tsunade suspects and orders an investigation about Danzo's plot. As Chiriku, Sora and the group failed to intercept four coffins, Fudō, Fuen and Fūka trap the group at the canyon maze of pits and traps, where Yamato and Sai encounter Fudō and Fuen."",""Tsunade suspects and orders an investigation about Danzo's plot. As Chiriku, Sora and the group failed to intercept four coffins, Fudō, Fuen and Fūka trap the group at the canyon maze of pits and traps, where Yamato and Sai encounter Fudō and Fuen."",""Tsunade suspects and orders an investigation about Danzo's plot. As Chiriku, Sora and the group failed to intercept four coffins, Fudō, Fuen and Fūka trap the group at the canyon maze of pits and traps, where Yamato and Sai encounter Fudō and Fuen."""
"60,""""""Impermanence""""Transcription: """"Uitenpen"""" (Japanese: 有為転変)"",""May 22, 2008"",""December 22, 2010[12]"""
"While Naruto and Yamato fight with Fūka and Fudō, Sai escapes from Fuen and saves Sakura from the giant spider. Sora independently confronts Furido, while the ANBU members sneak on Danzo.,""While Naruto and Yamato fight with Fūka and Fudō, Sai escapes from Fuen and saves Sakura from the giant spider. Sora independently confronts Furido, while the ANBU members sneak on Danzo."",""While Naruto and Yamato fight with Fūka and Fudō, Sai escapes from Fuen and saves Sakura from the giant spider. Sora independently confronts Furido, while the ANBU members sneak on Danzo."",""While Naruto and Yamato fight with Fūka and Fudō, Sai escapes from Fuen and saves Sakura from the giant spider. Sora independently confronts Furido, while the ANBU members sneak on Danzo."",""While Naruto and Yamato fight with Fūka and Fudō, Sai escapes from Fuen and saves Sakura from the giant spider. Sora independently confronts Furido, while the ANBU members sneak on Danzo."""
"61,""""""Contact""""Transcription: """"Sesshoku"""" (Japanese: 接触)"",""May 29, 2008"",""December 29, 2010[12]"""
"Furido tells Sora that he plans to use four corpses to save the Land of Fire. Sora saves Naruto from Fūka's Execution by Kiss, while Sakura, Sai and Yamato reunited each other. The monks arrive before Furido's Four-Man Team flee.,""Furido tells Sora that he plans to use four corpses to save the Land of Fire. Sora saves Naruto from Fūka's Execution by Kiss, while Sakura, Sai and Yamato reunited each other. The monks arrive before Furido's Four-Man Team flee."",""Furido tells Sora that he plans to use four corpses to save the Land of Fire. Sora saves Naruto from Fūka's Execution by Kiss, while Sakura, Sai and Yamato reunited each other. The monks arrive before Furido's Four-Man Team flee."",""Furido tells Sora that he plans to use four corpses to save the Land of Fire. Sora saves Naruto from Fūka's Execution by Kiss, while Sakura, Sai and Yamato reunited each other. The monks arrive before Furido's Four-Man Team flee."",""Furido tells Sora that he plans to use four corpses to save the Land of Fire. Sora saves Naruto from Fūka's Execution by Kiss, while Sakura, Sai and Yamato reunited each other. The monks arrive before Furido's Four-Man Team flee."""
"62,""""""Teammate""""Transcription: """"Chīmumeito"""" (Japanese: チームメイト)"",""June 5, 2008"",""January 5, 2011[12]"""
"Back at the Leaf Village, Naruto uncomfortably spends time with Sora. That night while practicing chakra blades with Naruto, Asuma tells Sora that his father Kazuma died for honor after involving in the coup attempt. Furido's team declare and begin to attack the Kohaku Clan.,""Back at the Leaf Village, Naruto uncomfortably spends time with Sora. That night while practicing chakra blades with Naruto, Asuma tells Sora that his father Kazuma died for honor after involving in the coup attempt. Furido's team declare and begin to attack the Kohaku Clan."",""Back at the Leaf Village, Naruto uncomfortably spends time with Sora. That night while practicing chakra blades with Naruto, Asuma tells Sora that his father Kazuma died for honor after involving in the coup attempt. Furido's team declare and begin to attack the Kohaku Clan."",""Back at the Leaf Village, Naruto uncomfortably spends time with Sora. That night while practicing chakra blades with Naruto, Asuma tells Sora that his father Kazuma died for honor after involving in the coup attempt. Furido's team declare and begin to attack the Kohaku Clan."",""Back at the Leaf Village, Naruto uncomfortably spends time with Sora. That night while practicing chakra blades with Naruto, Asuma tells Sora that his father Kazuma died for honor after involving in the coup attempt. Furido's team declare and begin to attack the Kohaku Clan."""
"63,""""""The Two Kings""""Transcription: """"Futatsu no gyoku"""" (Japanese: 二つの玉)"",""June 19, 2008"",""January 12, 2011[12]"""
"Asuma supervises and notices that Sora and Naruto have their power of wind chakra. Tsunade and Yamato learn from Chiriku that Sora inadvertently destroyed the Temple of Fire. Asuma gives the black claw to Sora and learns that Kazuma failed to kill the Hokage. Furido informs Sora that Asuma was responsible for killing Kazuma and passing him two ""king"" pieces from the game of Shogi. As Danzo leaves, Sora furiously throws a chakra-powered kunai through a tree and destroys the stone behind it in the training grounds.,""Asuma supervises and notices that Sora and Naruto have their power of wind chakra. Tsunade and Yamato learn from Chiriku that Sora inadvertently destroyed the Temple of Fire. Asuma gives the black claw to Sora and learns that Kazuma failed to kill the Hokage. Furido informs Sora that Asuma was responsible for killing Kazuma and passing him two """"king"""" pieces from the game of Shogi. As Danzo leaves, Sora furiously throws a chakra-powered kunai through a tree and destroys the stone behind it in the training grounds."",""Asuma supervises and notices that Sora and Naruto have their power of wind chakra. Tsunade and Yamato learn from Chiriku that Sora inadvertently destroyed the Temple of Fire. Asuma gives the black claw to Sora and learns that Kazuma failed to kill the Hokage. Furido informs Sora that Asuma was responsible for killing Kazuma and passing him two """"king"""" pieces from the game of Shogi. As Danzo leaves, Sora furiously throws a chakra-powered kunai through a tree and destroys the stone behind it in the training grounds."",""Asuma supervises and notices that Sora and Naruto have their power of wind chakra. Tsunade and Yamato learn from Chiriku that Sora inadvertently destroyed the Temple of Fire. Asuma gives the black claw to Sora and learns that Kazuma failed to kill the Hokage. Furido informs Sora that Asuma was responsible for killing Kazuma and passing him two """"king"""" pieces from the game of Shogi. As Danzo leaves, Sora furiously throws a chakra-powered kunai through a tree and destroys the stone behind it in the training grounds."",""Asuma supervises and notices that Sora and Naruto have their power of wind chakra. Tsunade and Yamato learn from Chiriku that Sora inadvertently destroyed the Temple of Fire. Asuma gives the black claw to Sora and learns that Kazuma failed to kill the Hokage. Furido informs Sora that Asuma was responsible for killing Kazuma and passing him two """"king"""" pieces from the game of Shogi. As Danzo leaves, Sora furiously throws a chakra-powered kunai through a tree and destroys the stone behind it in the training grounds."""
"64,""""""Jet Black Signal Fire""""Transcription: """"Shikkoku no noroshi"""" (Japanese: 漆黒の狼煙)"",""July 3, 2008"",""January 19, 2011[12]"""
"As the ANBU members capture Danzo and a rain ninja spy, Sora blames and attacks Asuma with his demonic arm. Naruto saves Sora from an unknown individual from the Root. Furido orders Sora to kill Asuma and Tsunade. That night after saving Tsunade, Naruto pursues Sora while a mysterious lightning storm strikes and cuts off power from the village.,""As the ANBU members capture Danzo and a rain ninja spy, Sora blames and attacks Asuma with his demonic arm. Naruto saves Sora from an unknown individual from the Root. Furido orders Sora to kill Asuma and Tsunade. That night after saving Tsunade, Naruto pursues Sora while a mysterious lightning storm strikes and cuts off power from the village."",""As the ANBU members capture Danzo and a rain ninja spy, Sora blames and attacks Asuma with his demonic arm. Naruto saves Sora from an unknown individual from the Root. Furido orders Sora to kill Asuma and Tsunade. That night after saving Tsunade, Naruto pursues Sora while a mysterious lightning storm strikes and cuts off power from the village."",""As the ANBU members capture Danzo and a rain ninja spy, Sora blames and attacks Asuma with his demonic arm. Naruto saves Sora from an unknown individual from the Root. Furido orders Sora to kill Asuma and Tsunade. That night after saving Tsunade, Naruto pursues Sora while a mysterious lightning storm strikes and cuts off power from the village."",""As the ANBU members capture Danzo and a rain ninja spy, Sora blames and attacks Asuma with his demonic arm. Naruto saves Sora from an unknown individual from the Root. Furido orders Sora to kill Asuma and Tsunade. That night after saving Tsunade, Naruto pursues Sora while a mysterious lightning storm strikes and cuts off power from the village."""
"65,""""""Lockdown of Darkness""""Transcription: """"Ankoku no sejō"""" (Japanese: 暗黒の施錠)"",""July 3, 2008"",""January 26, 2011[12]"""
"The villagers see Furido's Four-Man Team sealing the Leaf Village behind a barrier. Asuma catches up with Sora and Naruto, and learns that the team are planning to annihilate the village with lightning powers of the stolen corpses. Asuma holds off the attackers, while they escape.,""The villagers see Furido's Four-Man Team sealing the Leaf Village behind a barrier. Asuma catches up with Sora and Naruto, and learns that the team are planning to annihilate the village with lightning powers of the stolen corpses. Asuma holds off the attackers, while they escape."",""The villagers see Furido's Four-Man Team sealing the Leaf Village behind a barrier. Asuma catches up with Sora and Naruto, and learns that the team are planning to annihilate the village with lightning powers of the stolen corpses. Asuma holds off the attackers, while they escape."",""The villagers see Furido's Four-Man Team sealing the Leaf Village behind a barrier. Asuma catches up with Sora and Naruto, and learns that the team are planning to annihilate the village with lightning powers of the stolen corpses. Asuma holds off the attackers, while they escape."",""The villagers see Furido's Four-Man Team sealing the Leaf Village behind a barrier. Asuma catches up with Sora and Naruto, and learns that the team are planning to annihilate the village with lightning powers of the stolen corpses. Asuma holds off the attackers, while they escape."""
"66,""""""Revived Souls""""Transcription: """"Yomigaeru tamashii"""" (Japanese: 黄泉がえる魂)"",""July 10, 2008"",""February 2, 2011[12]"""
"The team revived Seito, Tōu, Nauma and Kitane, while the leaf ninjas fight off the revived zombies of the Kohaku Clan. Asuma learns that they are using Limelight Jutsu, a special four-person lightning technique to destroy the village. While Naruto, Asuma and Yamato fight with Fuka, Kitane and Fudo, Furido informs Sora that he will destroy the village.,""The team revived Seito, Tōu, Nauma and Kitane, while the leaf ninjas fight off the revived zombies of the Kohaku Clan. Asuma learns that they are using Limelight Jutsu, a special four-person lightning technique to destroy the village. While Naruto, Asuma and Yamato fight with Fuka, Kitane and Fudo, Furido informs Sora that he will destroy the village."",""The team revived Seito, Tōu, Nauma and Kitane, while the leaf ninjas fight off the revived zombies of the Kohaku Clan. Asuma learns that they are using Limelight Jutsu, a special four-person lightning technique to destroy the village. While Naruto, Asuma and Yamato fight with Fuka, Kitane and Fudo, Furido informs Sora that he will destroy the village."",""The team revived Seito, Tōu, Nauma and Kitane, while the leaf ninjas fight off the revived zombies of the Kohaku Clan. Asuma learns that they are using Limelight Jutsu, a special four-person lightning technique to destroy the village. While Naruto, Asuma and Yamato fight with Fuka, Kitane and Fudo, Furido informs Sora that he will destroy the village."",""The team revived Seito, Tōu, Nauma and Kitane, while the leaf ninjas fight off the revived zombies of the Kohaku Clan. Asuma learns that they are using Limelight Jutsu, a special four-person lightning technique to destroy the village. While Naruto, Asuma and Yamato fight with Fuka, Kitane and Fudo, Furido informs Sora that he will destroy the village."""
"67,""""""Everyone's Struggle to the Death""""Transcription: """"Sorezore no shitō"""" (Japanese: それぞれの死闘)"",""July 24, 2008"",""February 9, 2011[12]"""
"Furido attacks Sora and tells him that Kazuma had a similar flaw. Kitane traps Asuma with the electric force field, Sakura counters the illusions to defeat Fuen, and Yamato defeats Fudo to remove all zombies from the village.,""Furido attacks Sora and tells him that Kazuma had a similar flaw. Kitane traps Asuma with the electric force field, Sakura counters the illusions to defeat Fuen, and Yamato defeats Fudo to remove all zombies from the village."",""Furido attacks Sora and tells him that Kazuma had a similar flaw. Kitane traps Asuma with the electric force field, Sakura counters the illusions to defeat Fuen, and Yamato defeats Fudo to remove all zombies from the village."",""Furido attacks Sora and tells him that Kazuma had a similar flaw. Kitane traps Asuma with the electric force field, Sakura counters the illusions to defeat Fuen, and Yamato defeats Fudo to remove all zombies from the village."",""Furido attacks Sora and tells him that Kazuma had a similar flaw. Kitane traps Asuma with the electric force field, Sakura counters the illusions to defeat Fuen, and Yamato defeats Fudo to remove all zombies from the village."""
"68,""""""Moment of Awakening""""Transcription: """"Mezame no toki"""" (Japanese: 目覚めの刻)"",""July 31, 2008"",""February 16, 2011[12]"""
"After declining forgiveness to Furido, Sora learns that Kazama gathered traces of the Nine-Tails' chakra and implanted on Sora's body. Naruto counters the kiss and uses the Rasengan to defeat Fuka. After Asuma breaks free from the electric barrier and defeats Kitane, Furido removes the seal containing Sora's power of the pseudo-Jinchuriki.,""After declining forgiveness to Furido, Sora learns that Kazama gathered traces of the Nine-Tails' chakra and implanted on Sora's body. Naruto counters the kiss and uses the Rasengan to defeat Fuka. After Asuma breaks free from the electric barrier and defeats Kitane, Furido removes the seal containing Sora's power of the pseudo-Jinchuriki."",""After declining forgiveness to Furido, Sora learns that Kazama gathered traces of the Nine-Tails' chakra and implanted on Sora's body. Naruto counters the kiss and uses the Rasengan to defeat Fuka. After Asuma breaks free from the electric barrier and defeats Kitane, Furido removes the seal containing Sora's power of the pseudo-Jinchuriki."",""After declining forgiveness to Furido, Sora learns that Kazama gathered traces of the Nine-Tails' chakra and implanted on Sora's body. Naruto counters the kiss and uses the Rasengan to defeat Fuka. After Asuma breaks free from the electric barrier and defeats Kitane, Furido removes the seal containing Sora's power of the pseudo-Jinchuriki."",""After declining forgiveness to Furido, Sora learns that Kazama gathered traces of the Nine-Tails' chakra and implanted on Sora's body. Naruto counters the kiss and uses the Rasengan to defeat Fuka. After Asuma breaks free from the electric barrier and defeats Kitane, Furido removes the seal containing Sora's power of the pseudo-Jinchuriki."""
"69,""""""Despair""""Transcription: """"Zetsubō"""" (Japanese: 絶望)"",""July 31, 2008"",""February 23, 2011[12]"""
"While Sora suffers with the demonic power, Asuma confronts to fight with Furido. As Naruto and the others arrive, they fail to restrain Sora who transforms into the Three-Tailed beast.,""While Sora suffers with the demonic power, Asuma confronts to fight with Furido. As Naruto and the others arrive, they fail to restrain Sora who transforms into the Three-Tailed beast."",""While Sora suffers with the demonic power, Asuma confronts to fight with Furido. As Naruto and the others arrive, they fail to restrain Sora who transforms into the Three-Tailed beast."",""While Sora suffers with the demonic power, Asuma confronts to fight with Furido. As Naruto and the others arrive, they fail to restrain Sora who transforms into the Three-Tailed beast."",""While Sora suffers with the demonic power, Asuma confronts to fight with Furido. As Naruto and the others arrive, they fail to restrain Sora who transforms into the Three-Tailed beast."""
"70,""""""Resonance""""Transcription: """"Kyōmei"""" (Japanese: 共鳴)"",""August 7, 2008"",""March 2, 2011[12]"""
"While Naruto manages to reason with Sora, Yamato seals the Nine-tails' chakra inside Naruto again. Sora regains his own consciousness and body to resist against the demonic power.,""While Naruto manages to reason with Sora, Yamato seals the Nine-tails' chakra inside Naruto again. Sora regains his own consciousness and body to resist against the demonic power."",""While Naruto manages to reason with Sora, Yamato seals the Nine-tails' chakra inside Naruto again. Sora regains his own consciousness and body to resist against the demonic power."",""While Naruto manages to reason with Sora, Yamato seals the Nine-tails' chakra inside Naruto again. Sora regains his own consciousness and body to resist against the demonic power."",""While Naruto manages to reason with Sora, Yamato seals the Nine-tails' chakra inside Naruto again. Sora regains his own consciousness and body to resist against the demonic power."""
"71,""""""My Friend""""Transcription: """"Tomo yo"""" (Japanese: 友よ)"",""August 14, 2008"",""March 9, 2011[12]"""
"As Naruto releases the power from Sora, the recovered Sai and Asuma defeat Kazuma. The next day, Sora, recovering his body, leaves the Leaf Village to travel around the world. Asuma and Shikamaru discuss about the mysterious ""king"" of the village, while Hidan and Kakuzu confront Yugito Nii and Two-Tailed beast Matatabi.,""As Naruto releases the power from Sora, the recovered Sai and Asuma defeat Kazuma. The next day, Sora, recovering his body, leaves the Leaf Village to travel around the world. Asuma and Shikamaru discuss about the mysterious """"king"""" of the village, while Hidan and Kakuzu confront Yugito Nii and Two-Tailed beast Matatabi."",""As Naruto releases the power from Sora, the recovered Sai and Asuma defeat Kazuma. The next day, Sora, recovering his body, leaves the Leaf Village to travel around the world. Asuma and Shikamaru discuss about the mysterious """"king"""" of the village, while Hidan and Kakuzu confront Yugito Nii and Two-Tailed beast Matatabi."",""As Naruto releases the power from Sora, the recovered Sai and Asuma defeat Kazuma. The next day, Sora, recovering his body, leaves the Leaf Village to travel around the world. Asuma and Shikamaru discuss about the mysterious """"king"""" of the village, while Hidan and Kakuzu confront Yugito Nii and Two-Tailed beast Matatabi."",""As Naruto releases the power from Sora, the recovered Sai and Asuma defeat Kazuma. The next day, Sora, recovering his body, leaves the Leaf Village to travel around the world. Asuma and Shikamaru discuss about the mysterious """"king"""" of the village, while Hidan and Kakuzu confront Yugito Nii and Two-Tailed beast Matatabi."""